-xd1aAlPXqs learn the sivananda yoga single right leg raise in this free exercise video .
KtMjOT6fDrw learn how to apply hanger hooks for your woodcarving project in this free woodworking tips video from our expert wood carver .
ehbFyYlcEhc learn about how hand washing can help prevent you from catching a cold in this free health video series .
lcw8f2od6z8 how to julienne cucumbers to make kimchi for korean kimchi and rice ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
G-VRHmkiqtc in order to put photographic emulsion on watercolor paper , the emulsion must be heated up and then processed using traditional darkroom techniques . make striking greeting cards with the painted images created by placing photographic emulsion on watercolor paper using the tips in this free video on photography from a professional photographer .
_Q4AVRIkwAQ combining bleeding and cupping methods in acupuncture can help in certain types of pain treatment . learn more about these acupuncture methods from our medical expert in this free video .
lohZUjGk9bs what terms are necessary for an umpire to know ? learn the terminology needed to be a baseball umpire in this free video on sports officiating .
fC82uLet6b4 what video cards are used on laptops ? learn about different types of laptop video cards in this free video clip .
N1JcMtqrqTA basics on how to repair and tune a piano ; learn this and more in this free video lesson about musical instruments taught by a piano tuning and care expert .
y-MG69Ejzqc the hero yoga pose has a very strong stance . learn tips on how this is done from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
7AvatvcF5Cs vegetable stock for prosciutto rosemary chicken is made with two bullion cubes . learn about vegetable stock with tips from an expert chef in this free culinary video .
vmwCD3Dcs6U there are many types of bow string used in archery , including dacron string and fast flight string . learn more about choosing string to put on your bow in this free archery equipment and supplies lesson .
rGkH80hPrRc the bat bite is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
eiZXecJl9HI learn the sivananda yoga uttasana ( forward fold ) pose in this free exercise video .
ZBH1tmP_jnE afternoon tea , often referred to as high tea , has a surprising history . learn more about high tea in this free video about brewing loose leaf tea .
fH1j7heajZk working in the music industry provides many funny moments for music producers . laugh along with a music producer 's funniest moments in this free music recording industry career video .
TUm8JJOQMBw correcting common problems playing the paradiddle diddle is easy with these tips , get expert advice on drum skills in this free video .
f56x4WHII8A learn how to play diminished piano chords in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
JFDOWsgGIe0 children may experience growing pains in their legs , knees and growth plates . learn more about growing pains with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
CaVf_IxAzsw refining the shape for your clay trout sculpture by referring back to your original model . expert jorge benlloch will teach you everything you need to know to create beautiful sculpture in this free online art video .
P2k9yGmUAwQ learn all about peanut butter cupcakes with an introduction from our expert in this free dessert recipe video on making peanut butter cupcakes .
HY2V2vbNaAY for collage work , workable fixative spray can be purchased at art supply or hardware stores . use workable fixative spray for collage work with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
G_CdA_PRjpc leg stretching is one of the most important things to pay attention to in yoga . learn some tips on how to properly do single straight leg stretches from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
GtmSIwlVcc8 closets are a magnet for clutter so get some basic closet cleaning and organizing tips in this free house cleaning video .
JcJ-UB67QQ0 wondering what to do after you 've finished writing your play ? learn some goals and tips for presenting your play from our play writing expert in this free video clip .
YJxK9U6jclM learn tips on how to install sound boards in a recording studio once you have chosen the building in this free video clip on soundproofing .
fuMrh5I14g4 lean the forward knee in warrior ii yoga pose over the ankle , careful not to lean too far and stress the knee . learn the warrior two pose of basic yoga in this free yoga video lesson .
T2q9siiElkM choosing a photocopy image for a collage makes tracing and defining edges easier . choose an image for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
MwNlYyrRhSE learn how to empty the bag of a random orbit sander in this free educational video series .
f6YjzU1Ow2U learn how to use stickers on clay sculptures in this free ceramic art video lesson .
qeSOBY9wBjQ when teaching kids the basics of self-defense , instill self-worth and teach them never to initiate harming others . teach kids appropriate self-defense techniques with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free self-defense video .
P4yYDFy_5Z4 finding out who lives at a certain address can be accomplished by contacting the county property assessor . look up addresses in city directories or telephone books with information from a genealogy researcher in this free video on personal records and research .
SXE4NXCGs-8 learn how to record voice for a tv news report with expert journalism advice from an experienced broadcast journalist in this free television career video clip .
RNVJre5eBW8 stuffed vegetable recipes are both easy and delicious . learn how to add spices to a stuffed tomatoes recipe in this free cooking video .
tZIx_M_Hw1g how to mix ingredients for chumous salad ; learn more about making traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
KBLe63jBujw the aikido technique ushiro tekubi tori kokyunas allows the martial artist to defend against an enemy attacking from behind . learn this important aikido technique in this free video .
tUhmMQcA_Rk learn from our expert that every part of a microwave needs to be cleaned , including the turntable , in this free how-to video on cleaning a microwave .
N-fvCE16bmA alternate spinning the poi in front and in back of the body to do the wave . learn the poi spinning wave with tips from a fire performer in this free video on poi spinning basics .
e8g3nCt4pUk drummers play accented eighths on the ride cymbal . learn to play cha-cha music on the drums in this free online video drum lesson .
V34ws0sNRIo hamstring curls using a stability ball are a great way to tone your legs and hamstrings . learn how to use an exercise ball for hamstring curls in this free health and fitness video lesson .
TkfelMDYSPk learn how to practice your fire escape plan , and tips for avoiding fires and how to form a fire safety plan , in this free video from an expert fireman .
mr816yysv0U the size of a paintball gun site depends on its amenities , but it should always include a safe zone and enough space to keep stray paint balls on the property . be safe on a paintball range , always wearing masks and being aware of the surrounding properties , with tips from an experienced paintball range host in this free video on paintball .
futQFH7x-Mw learn about pants leg widths and shoe choice for petite women 's fashion in this free clothing style and dress video .
M8wPAcP5fbU improve your overall health with tai chi moves . learn how to add kicks to your 24 yang style tai chi exercise in this free alternative medicine video clip .
fxQw0YhBlZo learn about the basic and different types of skeet targets from our expert in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
LJe-Zm4BnVg potential internal parasites in cats include round worms , tape worms and hookworms . learn more about internal parasite symptoms and treatments in cats with tips from a veterinarian in this free cat health video .
lGdf9eyJai8 providing water in the workplace is essential for employee health and wellness . encourage hydration to create a healthy work environment or office with tips in this free wellness video .
MZqfAMAIdJQ indoor soccer is easy with these tips , get expert advice on footballing skills , moves , and rules in this free video .
KEnDO5HEN-M there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a 'scrape and flop ' tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
-BUCeG1IbFU to start arm movements in flamenco dance keep the elbows out and the arms curved . learn more about starting arm movements in flamenco dancing with tips from a dance instructor and choreographer in this free dance lesson video .
rRmwR7qck9I learn how to teach your kids to play fun party games fairly in this free video series that examines fun and age-appropriate games for children .
IBb0Nlppm6M learn how to grind espresso from our expert with a demonstration in this free drink recipe video on making your own espresso drinks .
f4PjTHg2230 learn how to juggle split patterns with beginner and advanced four ball patterns in this free juggling tricks and patterns video .
U9CEd_CdK2o learn how to do a rear lunge exercise for your lower body from our expert in this free fitness video on lower body cross training exercises .
o0SQ4Eto6dE get warmed up to play american football with the kneeling warm-up drill in this free american football video lesson , with tips from an expert quarterback .
ewlC0u9_Q5s make a belly dancing veil from silk or chiffon , customizing the veil for the feel of your dance . learn how to make a veil for belly dancing from a belly dancing expert in this free dance video .
fu8fvlzbh_E watch as an expert plumber demonstrates how to repair shower valve cartridges in this free online video about home repair .
eznCl-PjDc0 the aperture of a telescope refers to its ability to gather light . find out which aperture to choose when buying a telescope in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
O0PRYd_ULvE to stretch the chest , shoulders and back in yoga , use a strap gripped firmly over the head . stretch the chest , shoulders and back using yoga poses with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
IJI9OcO0FDU learn how to add dry seasonings for vegetarian lasagna with expert vegetarian cooking tips in this free video recipe .
OMEzZCPQqXs learn tips for using chicken wire as a sound filter in a rain stick with expert crafting instructions in this free online percussion instrument video clip .
zzo6B3VV5ks part of preparing your kids to come back indoors is getting them warmed up after playing outside . learn more in this free video series .
gMl0CV6QweM twirl a bo staff by spinning it from its center point and by practicing diligently to learn how to alternate between hands . learn to perform strikes and twirl the bo staff using tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on martial arts .
fDWVOauNDhs learn how to iron your wall-hanging fabric in this free do-it-yourself video series that has you creating your own home furnishing items .
edg_ScPwPNQ to care for gray tree frogs , give them plenty of places to hide in the terrarium . care for gray tree frogs with these expert tips from a reptile specialist in this free video about pet care .
fJ7AwuRKuW4 using the six harmonies , in tai chi , is a great partner exercise that can be useful for defending against an opponent . learn more about this partner exercise from a professional tai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
ehYWvAC2vXc getting a motocross license used to involve filling out a piece of paper and sending money . learn about obtaining a supercross license with tips from a professional motocross rider in this free sports video .
uiFiaW5uOVk when your horse is ready , canter over all the jumps in your challenge course . practice cantering the jumps with a riding instructor in this free equestrian video .
Jm0ZHzsP4K0 remember at least one article of clothing that is hunter orange when you go hunting . learn what to wear when hunting in this free outdoors video .
sqt61tuozbs learn why you should only work with one dog at time when teaching them not to jump in this free dog training video .
kusQ49owYe4 learn how to use hand-held synthesizers with a multi-rig synthesizer set-up in this free music video on playing keyboards .
fwdKjUZqQqk a one leg twist on a balance ball trainer is a great challenge for the oblique , glute and shoulder muscles . learn how to do a one leg twist on the balance ball with tips from a fitness instructor in this free balance exercise video .
f9dxGuvKxjU keeping body frame in mind when picking jewelry accessories is important . learn how to pick jewelry appropriate for your body shape in this free jewelry video .
f77fpzLmCFk bring antique clocks by a repair shop on a regular basis for a service visit . find out how to fix common problems with antique clocks with tips in this free video on repairing antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
ptzwGsV84bw what is the proper ball position for the hammer golf swing ? learn all the details about this golf technique in this free video clip on golf tips .
hzkRU86N_V8 in order to shave or remove hair on the arms , the best way is to shave for temporary removal . use waxing techniques to remove hair on the arms with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
IPC0rFVRPzM if you want to roll filtered cigarettes , invest in a tube machine . learn how a tube rolling machine works to make filtered cigarettes in this free video clip about how to roll a cigarette .
zD9SRTnV0R0 the history of hookah smoking dates back more than 2,000 years . discover the history of hookah with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
exHJl9I98Vw when drawing an angel , try to get the focus on signature angel characteristics , like the halo or wings , and not on other details , like the face . sketch an angel with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
f52nmALtvJE newborn puppies are very fragile , require milk and need to be kept warm . provide a newborn puppy with a great deal of milk nutrition with pet care advice from a veterinarian in this free video on dog training and raising puppies .
fxlUGDSIJ6U when recording a rap song , the minimum recording rate should be 48k 24 bit so that the song is ready for cds and dvds . learn about recording rate for recording a rap song with tips from a professional studio technician in this free video on hip hop recording .
o4T4Ae48aFI penalties exist in foil fencing like in many other sports ; learn the rules of foil fencing and basic strategy in this free video fencing lesson .
RsytFSlbkyU using wireless internet is fun and easy , lose the wires and get a lesson in wireless networks and routers in this free video .
o19w8jGcXhU working in a darkroom and producing photographic prints can alter your sense of time . learn some important considerations when it comes to time and working in darkrooms from a professional photographer in this free video .
fHQPemF3bLk proper water use will help a boxer avoid cramps . learn how to work the corner for a boxer , including tips and techniques for giving advice and treating injuries in this free boxing video .
eoptsD9js1Q learn how to make sauce for vegetarian stir fry and what goes into the sauce in this free cooking video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
8ZzS1A9mCAk charles de beriot ii was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
rEOi4SsuLq0 shift to easier gear as terrain gets rough . learn about bike shifting in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
ee5nKLKhPaQ deepen other pigments with violet paint . learn how to create a violet effect for a painting of a sunrise in this free oil painting lesson from our experienced painter .
egrp92ZgKf8 pops in hip-hop dancing are created with a flex and tension in the muscles followed by a release of tension to form the movement . learn how to pop with tips from a dance instructor in this free video on hip hop .
E6BDRmgjoUg repeat signs in sheet music tell you that there is going to be a section of a piece that 's going to be repeated . find how to read the repeat signs in sheet music with help from an experienced musician in this free video on reading sheet music .
vuzc9L6ywQU tips on finishing touches when installing weatherstripping on a garage from a professional contractor in this free home improvement video .
IuiuG4qOUWA the partiflex takedown adds a backward takedown to the partiflex wristlock . learn how to apply the partiflex takedown from outside position in self defense in this free martial arts video .
axa8i3dTMwM each burmese dance move must be done gently and smoothly . learn to do basic hand gestures when burmese dancing in the free video from a professional burmese dancer .
oplPf8ILDlY a basic contour sketch exercise uses only lines with no shadows . learn more about contour sketches with advice from an artist in this free instructional drawing video .
iRZAFDUJM9I learn how to add butter to a bananas foster dessert recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
Hoo8h4zKg04 scrapbooking is all about being creative . get tips for using stickers and paints on scrapbooks in this free video clip about easy scrapbooking ideas .
f0fJ4OVk_7A changing state in anger management refers to altering the state of mind when anger arises . learn to change state with tips from a professional consultant in this free anger management video .
HXJcz53MjGc you can set your games up any way you like and it 's really fun because you can use teams or you can do boys against girls . learn how to throw an anti-valentine 's day party from a professional party planner in this free events video .
jVh5c4_rIFA how to build scale degrees on a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
PvPtzWDq3W0 there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a stomp scuffle turn tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
ftkPDKqOrfI learn about playing whist in person and on the internet and which style works best for you in this free video series that will have you mastering whist in no time .
lJCQa9qJduc using nutritional supplements when cycling can help you increase your energy , maintain your muscle strength , and replace your electrolytes . get tips on choosing nutritional supplements for bike riding in this free sports nutrition video guide .
egdZHT17H7Q a zig-zag stitch in tailored clothing will ensure that fabric does n't unravel . add zig-zag stitches with tailoring tips from a fashion designer in this free video on sewing and clothing alterations .
f49boM5fb8U conflict and resolution should be part of a humorous interpretation piece . get tips on picking a humorous interpretation piece from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
L_d6rX2wWYY learn how to plan your business for a non-profit organization in this free business startup video from our management expert on non-profit organizations .
fu62Z4d_rNk when buying oil paints for canvas painting , consider the brand , price , tube size , consistency and , of course , the colors . purchase oil paints for painting on canvas with tips from an artist in this free video on painting and drawing .
f1A-QCH5ZL0 to use feng shui to enhance creativity in the home , create bagua , which is a map of feng shui in a house . plan creative areas in a home using feng shui techniques with the tips in this free video on interior design from a feng shui instructor .
3X7BMO4zfJk you have to hear about these bizarre hospital fight stories . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
fHgXGyWgtaA how to season boiled shrimp when they 're done cooking ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
GsTnIwyNwbk a storage unit for housing the tools in your woodshop is a good idea for organization . learn about tool storage for your woodshop in this free home video .
IgKdZUEDzJw learn how to buy the best marble steak at the grocery store with expert healthy eating tips in this free online grocery shopping video clip .
g7TS3rqjii0 rattan bo staffs are generally double headed while white wax wood staffs are tapered on one end . learn about the differences between double-headed bo staffs and tapered bo staffs in this free video .
T8oxZ37TEPg tractor tire pressure should be checked weekly at least . learn how to use a tire pressure gauge to check the pressure in tractor tires in this free video on tractor operation .
sXEJFMcdjoU there are many varieties of hubcaps on cars , most of which can be removed by unscrewing them with a screwdriver . change hubcaps by being able to get to the hubcaps with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repairs and maintenance .
Ib8ngY7uQfM begin a bunny drawing by starting with the ears . learn to draw a bunny with tips from a professional artist in this free video about learning to draw .
jDFnrCAHUfg each of the four strings on a violin have names . learn what they are and how they sound from an expert violinist in this free video .
bPwQUW_NSjk see how you 've put your hip hop moves together in a beginner combination . learn how to do beginning hip hop dance combinations from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
u3mU0ez_iPQ learn how to pick a matte for a shadowbox picture frame with expert home décor tips in this free online professional framing video clip .
hHTX9dhobVs picking the flowers in the first step in making a flower arrangement . learn how to select roses in this free video clip about how to make a rose bouquet .
u2wRlNg4znI how to gather and prepare the ingredients for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
s3PXlvy1mr0 dating a person with a drug addiction can appear out of no where and in some cases it requires professional counseling . learn what it takes to date someone with a drug addiction with tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on relationship advice .
OQePPL8O3to learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about the best clothing for an apple figure .
8AKdU2oDLrw victorian rose eggs have dense patterns cut from scrap book papers or wrapping papers . learn how to make decoupage eggs in this free arts and crafts video .
gpI_qkb0qps increase your energy with these yoga poses . learn how to do the yoga staff pose to ease symptoms of fibromyalgia in this free medical treatment video from a professional yoga instructor .
4W7f4vZaOhE there are many ways to handle a basketball . learn about dribble walking in this free sports video clip .
Tn2McYCijP4 learn how to fold the outside edges into the center line for an origami eagle with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
L9XxKQgg-ec learn how to price work for a post-production video project with expert tips and advice on filmmaking , cinema , and movie post-production in this free online video clip .
lyEmu6eFgOQ the best boots for climbing , an ankle boot is appropriate for backpacking , a velcro slipping is suitable for indoor climbing and a combination of those is best for hiking . find a boot that meets requirements for warmth , comfort , support or water resistance for a specific situation with safety information from an experienced rock climber and stunt man in this free video on extreme sports .
Coysa8F5OMQ lydian mode on an upright bass is a helpful pattern to learn . practice upright bass patterns in the lydian mode on the d string in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
N9kBk6hjN6Y using cabbage and cucumber , learn to make a cabbage and cucumber sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
OZ1789SslZA watch an expert chef review tips on cooking vegetables in this free online video cooking lesson .
J00H9FDy-c8 plan out the size and pattern of the patch before cutting it out . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
atiW1rMKY-U learn how to do the bagged card stab trick for a deck of svengali magic cards in this free card trick video from our professional magician .
uFnj01SKJQ8 combining standing and lying glute exercises to tighten up your butt . firm flabby butt muscles with tips from a certified physical fitness trainer in this free workout video .
kgz7c2kb4Rg in this free kayaking video tutorial an expert will demonstrate how to do the kayaking reverse sweep paddle stroke .
-ktm7mKF3sk hardening a clay vase can take a while so for those impatient folk our expert will show you how to properly use a blow torch to harden and dry your round vase in this free video clip .
6Y75owJpquI exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on bosu ball lunges to help you in your operation fit !
Fjk34x25LCY find out how to transfer your screen print design to wax paper in this free video clip on fashion tips .
OZonrIUrCEQ when picking a hair relaxer , use caution when not applying base relaxer because it can cause irritation on the scalp . pick a hair relaxer with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
1AVrebTzXws changing oil means getting rid of the old oil . learn how to remove the drain plug on your oil pan to drain the oil in this free video .
fK3jvGvFqD4 raise a computer literate child and learn how to set up a desktop password on a child 's computer in this free online video on responsible parenting and the internet .
zoEeOGGX3ug preventing global warming can begin by having an energy audit on the home . help prevent global warming with tips from a firefighter in this free video on first aid .
nbZApLfFtd4 when drawing a ecstatic expression on a cartoon character , make the eyes extra wide . illustrate an ecstatic expression on the face of a cartoon character with the drawing lesson in this free video from a professional cartoonist .
sqyHnfLQSBw scales on the violin are a good way to build up dexterity . learn how to play the a minor scale on the violin in this free music lesson video from an expert violinist .
l8pE08CpyvI to get the unique shape of baked alaska you 'll need to know how to cut the cake properly . our expert shows you in this free recipe video .
ews2K5biias change an ip address in windows vista is done by clicking the start bar and running the command prompt by typing in ipconfig . change ip address in windows vista with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
5_H0TSHxUI8 learn how to do a full inversion on an inversion table workout with expert tips and advice on exercise from a fitness expert in this free health and fitness video .
fCEBdBlaapg learn how to train puppeteers when starting your own puppet company home business and other tips in this free entrepreneur video .
14_kMiVN63k learn about all the ingredients you will need to prepare cholent in this free video clip on cooking .
mvqJdvACBXg snowboard trails typically have three to four trial ratings . find out the difference in snowboard trail ratings with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
UM7v9AeDBSM get tips on how to drop down from a wheelchair wheelie in this free extreme sports stunts and wheelchair tricks lesson on video .
PBSifQowOws pigeon race timers are sought-after by antique clock collectors . learn about collecting unique clocks and timers in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
diNgmF_HXLQ the psycho is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
SOnsNPuMpZs learn bo staff shaolin kung fu fighting techniques in this free martial arts instruction video from our marital arts expert .
th8HnYgpw2A watch an expert explain how to find the right place to skip stones in this free video .
qcewRMeCdbA before playing the violin it is important to loosen the violin bow hair . learn more about loosening violin bow hair with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
f9u6wQUyQGU find information regarding the penalties of shoplifting by consulting an attorney or lawyer that specializes in the field to learn about the punishments that vary from state-to-state . get legal advice about stealing and shoplifting with help from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
RWwNiOY7xsc playing violin intervals requires finger exercises involving octaves , thirds and fifths to train the fingers where to go to find the exact note . learn an octave finger exercise in the key of a that will train your fingers to know where other g notes are from an experienced musician in this free video .
guv2h74Gpyk to change a flat bike tire , start opposite the valve stem and insert the tire lever under one half of the tire bead . change a flat bike tire with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
HB01hhonf8Q aikido technique munetsuki kotegaeshi allows the aikido martial artist to block an opponents punch and re-route the energy . learn the munetsuki kotegaeshi aikido technique in this free video .
GxEiCCXSHTI one of the most popular areas of the flamenco resurgence is the flamenco guitar ; learn the spanish song `` impetu '' from an expert flamenco guitarist , on this free music video series .
uH8e61r-s2E when using control 24 control surface with pro tools , the read mode shows parameters of tracks . edit tracks using the control 24 mixing console , in connection with pro tools software , with free video tips from a professional audio engineer and music producer .
ehqk9k4eL_k break it down hip hop dance move is similar to other toe tap dance steps . learn the break it down hip hop dance move with tips from a choreographer in this free hip hop dance lesson video .
Hz1gHl4p8h4 special rules make baroness solitaire more difficult . learn how to play baroness solitaire in this free gaming video .
cN0gkhWaQrQ the alexander ( original ) is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
ehDv6Ufs0Ss learn about a testicular biopsy and what to expect from one as well as how to detect testicular cancer through self-exam with expert cancer detection and prevention tips in this free men 's health video clip .
Xp4_LVL2Dfs the lighting requirements for digital photos are more precise than those for film photos , which are not as sensitive to color changes as digital photos . learn about lighting requirements for digital photos in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
f9OsarAxuIQ car tires that are used for driving in the winter usually have more aggressive treads . determine how bad the winter conditions are before buying winter tires with information from an auto mechanic in this free video on car parts and safety .
tBLwSAhjyQo learn how to install a bi-fold door from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
ewTRUmG6X3g belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do snake arms in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
oPr0vtlo55o learn how to use the strings , switches and volumes of an ebow in this free educational video clip .
giOX89zrQMc learn how to do the four-limb staff yoga pose and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
AUgvJOOZkaY the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a professional designer envelope from scratch in this free video .
U0gQq0qe64w how to play chord progressions for jazz piano in the key of c major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
jw5ie_WsNhE learn how to use a splatter shield accessory of a stand mixer from our catering and standing mixer expert in this free cooking video on using a stand mixer .
fATKWFzrMB0 learn how to use a transparency to trace a pattern cross stitching in this free embroidery video lesson .
fxqhE8_eZfM repairing a troubled relationship requires affirming your partner about the good things . learn how to be affirming from a communications expert in this free relationship advice video .
fHp2PhBJ_rc learn how to fold the back edge into a petal fold for an origami azalea with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
IAJ1j9B_pgI the correct wide receiver stance and start is done by keeping eyes forward right until the football is snapped . avoid tipping the offensive play with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
qOjEk8hraOU learn tips on a great core body cross fitness exercise called the dead lift from our expert in this free fitness video on cross training core body exercises .
ex6LcQjTfuE how to add lip gloss for applying makeup like the singer christina aguilera ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
Ojc5W4ONCLA golf spikes provide golfers with traction and should be replaced with the use of a spike tool . remove golf spikes correctly with tips from a golf instructor in this free video on golf .
TKxt4NF6_yU learn how to make the final adjustments to the origami frog with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
amB8tBIOb-g a 3/2 clave rhythms is a popular rhythms for playing two conga drums . learn more about playing two drums in 3/2 clave rhythm with tips from a professional conga drum player in this free music lesson video .
hCOC5kOCkPk babies breath is a nice filler flower compliment to tulips . learn about filler flowers for tulip flower arrangements in this free floristry video from a florist .
fKbrGn6c3us learn how to clothes using starch with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes ironing video clip .
fFoY25BAiec how aura soma bottles came to the united states in this free alternative healing video .
I5oS5Cy3_A4 sculpt wire like a professional ! learn how to make a forked tongue in this free video clip about making a lizard wire sculpture .
4lyv7V6ndBs using an easel , or speed easel , is a useful tool for cropping your prints when using a photographic enlarger . learn more about easels and photographic enlargers from a professional photographer in this free video .
ezBIwzPAm9o jazz drummers do n't play the bass drum as loudly as rock drummers . play a ride pattern on a bass drum with the music tips in this free video lesson on playing the drums from an experienced jazz drummer .
PTeT6nLJGoU looking for tips to protect your home against theft ? watch this free video , and learn how to keep thieves away from a professional locksmith
f8nscg4II20 make sure feet are facing the right direction when drawing a sweep kick . learn how to draw a sweep kick from a cartoonist in this free sketch art video on drawing a fight .
tUV8ZOMe0oo the gliding swan with double arm circles exercise strengthens lower back and arm muscles . accelerate lower back muscle growth through gliding swan with double arm circle exercise with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video .
IsmXAKnBrBw make your hair sparkle ! learn how to apply glitter to your hair in this free makeup video clip from a professional makeup artist .
ftjuWhEAa28 doing reverse curls with knees on a stability ball will create a passive resistance ab exercise . learn how to do reverse curls with the knees on a stability ball with tips from a fitness instructor in this free ab exercise video .
ez5W4rhnLwQ learn how to cook sauce for picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
gVG94uraEJE delicious ice cream on hot texas day ! where to order ice cream in austin .
iha5WYpcnHg ask a guy out on a date by using an indirect approach and learning what his interests are . learn how to approach a guy for a date with tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on relationship advice .
lx4ropvaDUs get tips on using wood chips when grilling barbecue chicken and more in this free online cooking video taught by grill master dan head .
kgDd9NBWS44 learn how to use the forearms in japanese shiatsu massage to release stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
_VbrrudJb0k a strike zone in baseball helps to determine what a player can and ca n't hit . learn about the knowing the strike zone in the mental approach to hitting a baseball with this free batting video from a hitting instructor .
xZSpoPlH84s learn how to use a painter 's pallet to paint with oils in this free instructional video art lesson on oil painting .
EhbJ-qg2xnE the tap is a stylish dance move to use when dancing the salsa . learn the tap salsa dance step in this free salsa dancing video lesson .
rZgip9ssqhk the first step in traveling belly dancing is learning to walk while doing a belly dance move . learn more about the walking belly dancing move with tips from a belly dance expert in this free dance lesson video .
oxjTl1bTJzI use a sponge to pull clay up through the walls when making ceramic bowls . learn to pull clay through the walls when throwing a bowl from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
SC6_tSit79E how to serve falafel ; learn more about making traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
Gvo_YK6zbu0 learn how to pick out shoes and socks for sexy cat halloween costumes with costume tips from a makeup expert in this free halloween video .
ewpQfMUNM5E learn about the ingredients you will need for stuffed mirlitons with expert cooking tips in this free cooking video on making louisiana stuffed mirlitons .
f3B40HkJfHw learn how to sew the hem of a handmade purse with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
JFRSJQCJ6gc learn how to play def leppard 's 'hysteria ' on the guitar in this free video clip on the top 80 downloaded guitar tabs .
ODZLR1edyRw when cleaning the carpet of a speed boat , a crevice tool is useful for cleaning all of the nooks and crannies . clean the carpet of a speed boat with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
WbCVoJ4SM1M as you crochet your seam that connects the base to the face , remember to keep everything lined up . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
q1vn33pflY8 how to take care of your skin to get a natural makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on beauty makeup and women 's cosmetics in this free instructional video .
f2nG7osxqyc adding inoculants to water can help add healthy nutrients to your organic compost pile . learn some tips for watering your compost pile from a professional gardener in this free gardening video .
qqNL7qlx11k burn fat with these hip extension exercises ; find lower body exercises to develop tighter legs , glutes , and toned muscle in this free video .
f5jhEigluQQ there are many dangers that exist in the desert that can effect where you camp . learn how to find a good campsite in the desert in this free survival video .
8Pdeqm9ZSiU use green colored paint to enhance the color of the blouse , when painting the image of a girl using watercolors . learn more about painting the blouse green from a professional artist in this free painting video .
WepqCeUC-ik kick shots are shots that involve the cue ball hitting a rail before it hits the object ball . get expert tips and advice on billiards tables and pool cues in this free video .
JFrmxRhqDfU once ceiling panels are dry , it 's alright to reassemble them . replace a living room 's ceiling panels with tips and techniques from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
XpbiqHRnCng adding both roquefort and french blue cheese to your endive-based french salad ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about french food taught by an expert .
PXsfMpAR8Cs learn how to choose a location when planning a small community festival in this instructional free video on event planning .
idM5NN8QMNs input quantizing will quantize the midi information as it is played and recorded into the pro tools system . create new music and edit digital sounds using tips on midi information from an experienced music engineer and producer in this free video .
KIzbnZ4hDEQ in dog acupressure for knee arthritis the dispersing stream point is particularly good for the lower leg . learn more about triggering the dispersing stream acupressure point in dogs with knee arthritis from a veterinary technician in this free dog care video .
vSrZLZJNj7s find a bag that has many compartments and a binder that can fit all types of paper to ensure easy transport of all your scrap booking supplies . learn more about creating , organizing and preserving your scrapbooks in this free video series .
fJ0CyHNEOrE learn how to set the wings easily for a hang glider in this free hang gliding video lesson from an expert professional hang-glider pilot .
uDx5h4CDkS4 doing romantic things at home in a relationship can be as simple as spending time talking with a partner when doing chores and other activities . make arduous tasks romantic and fun with tips from a family therapist in this free video on marriage and relationships .
llCYM7lq0n8 forming a handle for a clay pot can be fun but tricky . watch this free video clip and learn how to start the process from a clay expert .
kJr-lRnQ9tE learn how to make a chai latte at home from our expert in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee .
aLPRDjum8O8 craft a walking cane from the branch of a tree . learn tips for decorating a wood walking cane in this free woodworking video from a wood crafts expert .
I017TZzY2ho looking for face painting tips ? learn how to paint a pirate eye patch with face paints in this free video about easy face painting designs .
yUMDMSvGnP4 swell guitar effects are great for almost any kind of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
WtnpsPPQBE4 an overview of encaustic wax painting techniques including appearance and materials ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson about encaustic wax painting and its uses taught by expert john vanderbrooke .
_S1c7_muazM hip hop dancing is all about the beat . get tips for finding the groove to hip hop music in this free video clip from professional hip hop dance choreographer .
PqlmyFDIeUM mandolin chords such as iv and iv minor can be played in tremolo arpeggios . learn how to play tremolo arpeggios on the mandolin in the iv and iv minor chords in this free video music lesson .
fGpZTRPFf9Y learn how to make pizza style meals with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
Tn8eOtl0mAI measuring your crocheted leg warmers ensures a good fit . find out the correct measuring techniques with tips from an artisan in this free instructional crochet video .
pksbURaCHa0 find yourself staring into oblivion for hours ? learn some tips on dealing with writer 's block from our play writing expert in this free video clip .
f-V9Qkv4AL4 use plant cuttings and start early to get a more robust garden in the spring . get an early start on a spring garden with the tips in this free video on gardening and farming from a professional organic gardener .
fHhn5B9sIak carefully check motorcycle brake fluid and make sure not to get it on hands , paint or clothes . find out more about checking motorcycle brake fluid with tips from a motorcycle mechanic in this free video on motorcycle repairs .
nQfvT1STvqQ learn how to change text color and size in an html document and learn how to build your own website in this free computer programming video .
ft4nxpzM9JA the yoga child position is a great way to stretch your back and butt and open up you whole core . learn some tips on how to properly do the child position from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
elvlp2e9RZs learn how to mix frosting ingredients together when making a holiday cookie tree in this free recipe video on making your own holiday cookie tree .
eydXN57cJ5Q in basketball , boxing out is when a player gets his body between the basket and an opposing player so that he can get a rebound . box out with tips from a former semi-pro basketball player in this free video on basketball .
TxexZx9JTsk a bobber should be placed about eight inches from the fishing hook , and when the bobber goes underwater , it 's time to set the hook . use a bobber to set up a fishing line with help from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing for beginners .
3CFzPTzO4j8 learn how to do the bow stance technique in the martial art of wushu in this free martial arts video .
8cKjwHtCGU0 a hit pass shot is very important in the game of racquetball . here is a free video to help you become a better player .
LDG8F-Gj1t8 jealousy can be avoided through responsibility and not flirting with members of the opposite sex . avoid jealousy in a relationship by staying away from situations that cause jealousy with tips from the author of several dating books in this free video on relationship advice .
eefsk97G-44 before beginning handcrafted jewelry , it 's important to have the right tools . learn about picking wire cutters for jewelry projects in this free crafting video clip from a professional jewelry artist .
fwjJJJo977U lemon juice , peroxide and creme bleach are three products that can lighten blonde hair . lighten blonde hair with tips from an experienced hair care specialist in this free video on hairstyles .
lagoz2BbAQk soccer players often exchange jerseys to show their respect for one another after a physically demanding performance . learn about the devotion and respect of soccer players from a professional soccer player in this free video on soccer .
u7wmSPodY0I do n't hyper flex or point when working out the quad hamstrings with tubing . learn about quad hamstring curls as a lower body workout from a personal trainer in this free fitness video .
tEPQZD0_3PE get to know the recipe for indian stuffed potato tortillas ; learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
fs_4DtTrHFg learn proper wrist position to help give you leverage on your opponents power in an arm wrestling tournament match , in this sample arm wrestling video clip on how to arm wrestle .
iQsu9H2lPgQ how to play the fifteenth part of the song 'float on ' by modest mouse on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction on playing pop songs on percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
uyqCtlJeOVw get an explanation of the infield fly rule with expert tips and advice on baseball rules and basics in this free online baseball video clip .
fFAa1XAMkaM learn how to do foot reflexology massage to help pains in organs and meridiens with expert tips from a certified and licensed massage therapist in this free online foot massage video clip .
_fOrFOfXUHM when choosing a camcorder , consider what it will be used for and how much money one is willing to spend . select between a small hand-held high-definition camcorder or mini digital video camcorder with advice from a film director in this free video on video production equipment .
Rg9QtbuewAE how to properly boil the noodles for your spring roll filling and then cut them once they 're done and learn this and more in this free online cooking video on asian food taught by an expert chef .
IMtPeqm85f0 having pet owners present for pet photography sessions can make your job much easier . learn all about it in this free animal photography video .
nUx1qstkZKU learn tips on how to kickflip a gap on a skateboard in this free skateboarding video lesson .
f8YoHkw2Dw8 in order to make a photography portfolio , a photographer needs to edit down their best 20 to 30 photographs . make a photography portfolio that is cohesive and shows a personal style with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
cS7cQG0lSrg effleurage neck massage involves applying oil from the shoulders up to the neck . get tips on performing an effleurage neck massage from a massage specialist in this free health video .
2e1esaMQvOs use semi-gloss when painting the trim on a living room . paint the trim on a living room with tips and techniques from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
IU_kMTvQBKE after replacing a car 's water pump and timing belt , reinstalling the front engine motor mount only requires two bolts . reinstall a front engine motor mount with tips from a certified auto mechanic in this free video on car engine repairs .
fAR7YNAnYyk reverse undulations in belly dancing are often accented by other movements , such as walking backward . walk backward when doing reverse undulations with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
ufOPAog_Xhk the genre of music your band should play depends on the style and personal tastes of your band members . learn how to decide how to choose your band 's musical genre in this free diy music management video .
kqyuONslfFM tattooing over an existing piece can update a design , fix faded colors or smooth line work . watch a tattoo artist show before and after shots in this free tattoo video .
qT9Dx_Mrefw creating storyboards for films requires having artistic talent to convey the concepts and sequences of a movie scene . use storyboards to establish the flow and vision of a film with tips from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
icTKc0FIcK0 do you need to get in shape ? watch this free exercise video on rope stretch training and change your life .
8qeehkMmgwg try out various combinations of organ notes to create interesting bass lines . learn how to play variations of organ bass lines in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
rSXElA6x_u4 aim for a gradual curve on the exterior of a bowl when turning it on the lathe . learn how to roughly shape the exterior of a bowl on the lathe in this free woodturning video .
f6w5r-19fq4 hybrid picking involves using both a pick and your fingers to play the strings on the guitar . learn to hybrid pick in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
f9Qf5rNQiNM dogs with colds are often lethargic , sneeze , cough and have a poor appetite . treat a dog with a cold with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on dog care .
U2pGkzny9ho a low , u-shaped neckline is a simple fashion element , including the basic scoop neck . learn to draw u shaped necklines for fashion illustration in this free fashion design video .
gT2qb1ZOH1g edges of pastel paintings can be refined using background colors - find out how in this free pastel painting tutorial .
KQqYu2gQQn0 learn about astringent herbs in this free video clip .
qpwLyheKoK4 paint foreground details for a landscape oil painting with expert painting tips in this free art lesson video .
sCb_2b6Lphc logic pro 8 users can use keyboard shortcuts to navigate the tool menus . learn about tool menus in logic pro 8 ( also known as apple loops ) software in this free video from a professional audio engineer .
READs_HuDws the bow pose in yoga works to strengthen the spine as well as energize and awaken the body . learn how to do the bow pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
SeSyDcyFRsw it 's important to account for a slice when your golf ball lies below your feet at address . learn a few tips for using your fairway woods to hit from side hill lies with a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
Pv_MdUk21sI finding middle c on a piano can be tricky . learn tips on how to find it on every piano and what all the other keys are in this free video clip .
f9yq2U4zMqc if you know how to ollie and roll fakie , or roll backwards on a skateboard , then you can combine these moves and do a fakie ollie ! learn how in this free street skateboarding tricks video lesson .
-TPYmo7D4Fw learn how to cut glass for your stained-glass designs in this free video series that focuses on creating your own stained glass .
f8ShD9YwEfo to shut down a frozen windows computer , try hitting the power button or unplugging it all together if the computer is non-responsive . shut down a frozen windows computer with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
qWdEFZRQ-Gs each piano scale has several modes including the dorian mode . learn how to play the dorian mode on the piano in this free video clip .
XOU3UISWi20 crossover exercises are a dynamic plyometric exercise that builds strength and power and increases range of motion . learn how to do crossovers in this free plyometrics training video lesson .
VNgVGFf-uO0 adding the ears to your portrait drawing including lobes and ear canal areas ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson on video about drawing portraits , taught by expert david clemen .
efh11LAeyqI adjust the date and time on a computer in microsoft windows by double clicking the time in the lower right corner to pull up the date menu and alter the settings . find out more about adjusting the time and date on a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft windows .
SFLPfiHKzp4 learn some great tips on how to apply makeup concealer to mature skin in this free cosmetics video featuring a professional makeup artist .
uDLQVXTJ5ow learn from our fitness expert how to do a double wave exercise with an undulation rope workout in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
dFcmBGB5btM acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that is able to control and balance hormone levels in women . learn tips on how and why this is from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
fCk8Md58LK4 it 's useful to demonstrate what happens when we do n't listen and we do something else like , for example , `` yes or . '' learn how to use the `` yes , and '' principle in improv to build ideas in this free arts and entertainment video .
x8iq3_-LIXk when playing bach on violin using violin sheet music , start playing line eight , measure one with the e note . learn how to play bach on the violin ( a great string instrument for bach ) in this free online violin lesson on video .
f3bAdvTSft8 learn how to play 'interpreter ' for an improv comedy routine in this free video clip .
fvoeqbb2SB0 catch a squash opponent napping with a serve into their body . learn how to hit serves into the body in this free video on squash drills .
ewdwfmy_x4w nollie kickflips require that skateboarders are comfortable in cracking their board 's nose and doing nollies off the ground . do a nollie kickflip with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
ZIruYI0dXaA a belted coat with a collar is a perfect fashion design for 1950s style clothing . learn to draw belted coat designs with a collar using tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
6ZYElwZoyUE pay attention to repeated phrasing when practicing upright bass songs in 3-4 time . learn how to play part four of `` home on the range '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
y579zYVw8Cg soccer equipment could be the difference between a goal and a loss . get expert tips and advice on soccer rules , moves , and skills in this free video .
ep16QK8AemM hold a bridge or table yoga pose only as long as you are comfortable with the posture . learn to hold a bridge or table yoga pose safely in this free hatha yoga video .
ILgkiTHnGVI the side kick in tai chi is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and exercises in this free video .
5u5LMe40W9E in juggling , the column is one of three basic throws to be done with two balls in one hand . practice juggling the column throw with tips from a circus juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
vvY0ZiiuSvQ looking for self defense moves ? learn free techniques to do ninja stomach strikes in this free martial art training video .
5tfwL4CWdwY a fun stretch workout routine . learn basic posture for stretching exercises in this free stretch workout and fitness video .
TymW8YXGZGc using your office chair can be a useful tool for performing yoga while at work . learn a few side stretches you can perform at your desk from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
fuXSEl79Phc learn how to install roof battens when roofing your home in this free roofing instruction video .
QIQT-NZXhBU extinguish fireworks and sparklers by safely putting them in sand or a bucket of water . discover more about putting out lit sparklers in this free fireworks safety video from a fire captain .
S8VE_6QmuPc learn about passing a frisbee catch in this free frisbee video .
SfeB0aKm7Gg see a going down singing exercise with expert tips and advice on proper singing techniques and music lessons in this free video .
AGPDyVho23w parking lots can be dangerous places traveling women . learn safety ideas for parking lot situations from a martial arts instructor in this free self defense video .
fWKHOVzdNiE learn how to make homemade hair care products for black hair styles with expert cornrow tips in this free hair styling video clip .
MIxnFeNWKvA learn tips for buying posters as a christmas gift for your boyfriend with expert tips on christmas presents in this free video .
tgOXK9jgIyg digital files are a must when creating giclee art reproductions . learn how to create digital files with expertise from a professional artist in this free giclee reproduction video .
Ok96xgz6WYk safety procedures for rock climbing include checking a partner to make sure they are setup correctly , wearing a helmet and using climbing commands . practice safe rock climbing in a gym before going outside to climb with instructions from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing .
SteKbJVBfnA play records at different speeds when trying to match beats . learn more about creating transitions between records in this free turntable lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
gILhW5U_MwI learn how to piece together fabric for a quilted table runner with expert sewing tips in this free home decor video on making and sewing your own quilted table runner .
r5D6t20MyhQ join your binding strips in order to assemble your quilt . learn more about how to create your own quilt in this free video series .
yyOEoSJazbo hydrotherapy is basically the use of water in some form for therapeutic reasons . learn about hydrotherapy treatments with information from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
Wqr3cDxE81E ankle arthritis in dogs is most commonly caused by injuries or accidents . learn more about the causes of ankle arthritis in dogs with tips from a veterinary technician in this free dog care video .
LtekWsqpfGk add a shimmy to the side arabic belly dancing movement , incorporating the whole upper body into a graceful motion . learn egyptian belly dancing side arabic move from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
WDvXARe4dO8 practicing double stops on the violin is a very good way to practice your interval finger spacing . learn tips on how to play a double stop interval change from b to f from an experienced musician in this free video .
f2QSW4Cc-6c in order to make ceramic mugs that are the same , the first one needs to be weighed . learn how to weigh clay for throwing a goblet from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
ynDw2MUPY2M find great third party effects for fl studio on the internet . learn about the vst format for fl studio third party effects in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
3BaRpK6e_-c combining accents with the a bio pattern is a great way to alter the rhythm of the train drum beat pattern . learn more about this technical combination from a professional drum teacher in this free drumming video .
Owo_y9Tm9eM quick turns are very important in wheelchair tennis and this expert in here to give you some invaluable tips on how to improve your turns in this free video clip .
f3wBbSn-fR0 playing games with children while babysitting can entail anything from coloring , to playing with toys or even going outside . aid a child in their development by building motor skills and having fun using tips from a general education teacher in this free video on babysitting .
vD-R2tlXPUg there are dozens of ways to play a em ( e minor ) guitar chord and even more ways to play harmony notes up and down the guitar neck . learn one specific way to play in the key of em from a guitar expert in this free video clip .
AyjuvIrDcaI learn how to hold your knitting yarn using the throwing technique with expert tips in this free video series on knitting basics for beginners .
sWkRV6O4BSc once you 've make piping , learn how to sew a straight line of piping onto a piece of fabric in this free sewing video .
ewAfEGNmp2c learn how to sell your nhra racing program with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
OkQWfvlj_6g curve shots can be done in a variety of different ways and can be very difficult to perfect . get expert tips and advice on billiards tables and pool cues in this free video .
wi0mJxTQ-LY moving at different speeds helps the odissi dance tell a story . learn to change speed in odissi steps from a professional indian dancer with this free dance lesson video .
ZEMcawKQ3wY when to cover or support a nil in spades in this free card playing video .
myMiSCLkzY4 are you addicted to bandages ? yes , some are . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
y_xja6T2-Dw in order to hook up a pc to an hdtv , use a super video connection for the video and a separate connector for audio . connect a pc to an hdtv to watch internet videos with tips from a digital technology specialist in this free video on hdtv .
OoRSBBe5JFw bodybuilding zottman dumbbell preacher curls have a different movement than regular preacher curls . see the difference between the two types of dumbbell curls from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
QE_EIm9C5B4 trees can be a hazardous obstacle when playing golf , which makes them worth avoiding . learn some tips for playing golf when your near a tree from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
kX97tBCYzXA protect your sandcastle courtyard from floods and intruders . learn how to construct an outer wall for your sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
fuyLTcjtQ6E stretching the groin is often overlooked and can lead to injury if not warmed up . get tips on properly stretching this area from a former professional athlete in this free video .
f5G5BCZ4r9M the first thing in skinny minnie is for everyone to put in their ante . learn how to play skinny minnie poker in this free gaming video .
0gVErGbW3MY learn how to cut onions for making cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
O6C61kye4PM working on your flexibility every day can help you transition to gymnastics from other sports . learn more about how to transition to gymnastics in this free online gymnastics and tumbling video lesson .
xxhiz0o9GlY some teas are very dense . learn more about tea with tips from a tea lounge owner in this free video .
RedqslRRIno high quality food and good exercise should prevent your dog from being injured during a roll over . learn more about dog trick injuries and rolling over with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
A6f76Ox_EPg how to puree peppers for making mole poblano sauce ; get expert tips and instruction on making traditional mexican food recipes in this free cooking video .
kpiT48nurX4 getting on a ski lift with a snowboard can be tricky . find out how to get on a ski lift when snowboarding in this free video .
Ho5qLU_cq9I contrast in a pastel drawing will allow foreground objects to stand out . learn how to use contrast to add depth with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
fF-kchrzkqc watch an expert chef stir the jam mixture in this free easy recipe video .
TIKsq38ib78 learn how to mix vocals with home recording studio equipment . get tips on how to direct a recording session in this free video .
ediqiDAFuLU learn how to do a phoenix monkey trick in this free kayak video and advanced kayaking lesson .
P_hWF97zdKw lavender derives from the latin term , 'to wash ' , because lavender was used by the romans to dress wounds . explore the history of lavender with tips from a lavender farmer in this free video on growing herbs .
dlyqj-BMmM8 practice fingerstyle guitar patterns on the c major chord . learn to play fingerstyle guitar for acoustic rock from a musician in this free guitar video .
qFBhsZWxWBA using contrast settings in photoshop is good for tweaking all or selected colors . learn how to work with contrast in photoshop from a professional photographer in this free photoshop tutorial video .
16qmeao3Tf4 when juggling with one hand , first practice incorporating the other hand by simply moving it while juggling . practice juggling with one hand and moving the other hand with tips from a circus juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
fCPOOJd1fO0 learn how to do a strike throw move with expert tips and advice on russian martial arts in this free training video on techniques and tips for doing sambo martial arts .
q_gtJp0dYfg before firing clay candlesticks , finish decorating them . learn how to fire clay candlesticks in this free pottery lesson from ceramics a expert .
uXEC0Eow0Dw triceps extensions done on a balance ball engage core muscles overlooked on a typical weight bench . workout the triceps on a balance ball with a certified personal trainer in this free video on fitness and resistance training .
Net96dKIsI4 split rings can add more layers and , therefore , more depth to your gothic bracelet . learn how to utilize them in this free video series .
VhiLaPt1kiQ no one can legally change their identity , but they can take steps in that direction by changing their name and social security number . discover legal ways to help change an identity with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
I0I24MqrP6o when measuring the shoulder wrap the tape around the fullness of the back for a good fit . learn to measure a man 's shoulders for a suit jacket accurately from a fashion designer in this free fashion tailoring video .
eidd8CdYF6U in self-defense , lock an opponents arms under your shoulders in order to perform the double arm bar . learn more about the double arm bar from a professional martial arts instructor in this free combat video .
ZYCU4cR67Cc meditation really helps the symptoms of adhd . learn how to meditate to help your disorder in this free video clip from a medical professional .
jCpG2SH88PQ if you want , you can put in pins to hold your strips in place while you are sewing them . learn how to make a shaggy rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
k1_jEfa5uBM juggling three balls in one hand is a very difficult trick . juggle three balls in one hand with tips from a juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
Ld9EOGXQHag fire fighting gloves can wear out quickly and should be checked for damage such as holes and loose stitching . learn how to check for damage on fire fighting gloves in this free video on firefighting gear maintenance and inspection featuring a professional firefighter .
HOVbY6e6VBg learn how to do high speed whipping with a stand mixer in this free baking and kitchen appliance video lesson from our catering and standing mixer expert .
xP7HC-a2PE4 learn how to use the black looming shade card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
GutdVpMKFNk furniture restoration tricks . learn how to clear out glue from furniture to prepare for wood veneer furniture patch to repair old furniture in this free woodworking video .
gAtGc8Cq7aE removing the u bracket and bottom bolts of an exhaust pipe allows you to remove the exhaust and the lower pipe of the motorcycle . see how to remove the exhaust on a sport bike in this free video on motorcycle repair .
NNTRAla40xk avoid getting taken down during pass rush . learn how to keep balance with expert tips and advice on playing the defensive tackle position in this free video clip on football .
-0ot068wyoc gran turismo 5 cars , such as the lotus 111 , drift with more horsepower than the bmw z4 . get free gran turismo 5 tips on how to drift in mid engine rear wheel drive cars with medium lower power in this free video .
ZI6CtZxtZGo the flat tire is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
CetKLjWy3bY how to play 2-5 chords for jazz piano in the key of b major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
SDw_dXnNij0 learn how to align the colors of the sock when making a monkey sock puppet with expert crafting tips in this free video clip on arts and crafts for children .
BkQuFR4ahcQ work space for making pencil sketches can be anywhere from a studio to a bar or cafe . learn about sketching work spaces with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
eznFe3gwGdg access the damage your creature 's attack with the combat damage steps . learn how to get in this free card game video about understanding `` magic : the gathering '' creature cards .
seZ1IIBsjJY writing rap music can be difficult . learn how to time a good rap verse with bars in this free video clip .
OjwPF_5YfsI learn how to do moves and link spins in a kayak , in this free freestyle kayaking video instruction .
egmH3W1oZuQ new drivers need to learn the nhra car-racing rules and learn how from our professional driver in this free drag-racing video on nhra event registration .
81DPUCzW15g learn how to make a dining room in your loft in this free video clip .
3R4tqUCe-Ek throwing a straight punch in kung fu requires making a good fist and twisting the fist as you throw the punch . learn how to throw a kung fu straight punch in this free video .
Sw4Hk5tFvHU learn how to do the firefly posture yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
rwHuRc0JyUc a pastel drawing is complete solely at the discretion of the artist . learn about the artistic process of completion with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
C5COHjBiYFM to avoid blending the background with the subject , outline some shadows . learn to paint background shadows with acrylics in this free painting video from a professional artist .
SPfjTGssUVI learn how to take care of your old dog 's coat in this free video .
MrN9zHwvEhU learn how to do the ali shuffle from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video .
ublyEBJBLLw keep those shots steady with a good tripod ; learn about and how to use professional photography equipment in this free video on being a pro photographer .
gsbBRXcJhTA when pushing on a skateboard , the board moves through a kicking motion against the ground . learn how to push on a skateboard from an instructor in this free skateboarding tricks video .
fHzqMvkhdPA if a dog is chasing his or her tail frequently , it 's important to examine their diet and to make sure they 're getting enough physical and mental exercise . visit a veterinarian if a dog wo n't stop chasing their tail with help from a dog trainer in this free video on pet care and obedience training for dogs .
-WNY3R479Jg when checking a bike 's hanger alignment , remove the derailleur and straighten out the tab to align it with the drive train . check a bike 's hanger alignment with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
Nmk06Bqb6kM block your opponent 's punches & kicks and learn how to do a reinforced block with expert tips and advice on soo bahk do in this free video .
B0mVGyGkczA a woman 's fall wardrobe should include dark colors , trench coats , tweed skirts , boots and different types of sweaters and pants . have fun buying jackets and boots for the fall with advice from an etiquette consultant in this free video on clothing and fashion tips .
rf9glKf16Ac learn how to select wood for your woodcarving project in this free woodworking tips video from our expert wood carver .
WlBZLugTs40 a head stock makes a woodturning lathe operate . learn about different settings and speeds of lathes from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
f8f_BfFRJpE learn what to pack in your work bag when working the night shift as a nurse with expert nursing tips from an experienced night nurse in this free online late shift related video clip .
oluBLfV1i7s how to blow dry your hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
KSuW16FMTRc a half note goes for two beats on upright bass . learn how to play half notes and dotted notes on upright bass in this free double bass video lesson from a music teacher .
KliJzqnLv2w how to play 5-7 chords for jazz piano in the key of c major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
f6B8ZHIV4EI a corrosion mark will indicate where upper mounting nuts go . learn how reinstall upper mounting nuts when replacing front struts on a front-wheel drive vehicle in this free car maintenance video from an automobile repairman .
KahQtPnUfio drying nail polish can be difficult . learn different ways to drying nail polish in this free video clip from a professional nail artist .
fwK95XS19YI large antique wall clocks in good condition are rare and expensive . find out which large wall clocks are collectible in this free video on collecting antique clocks from france from an expert in clock restoration .
ei4UzmXRCng learn the different financing alternatives for buying a used car with expert car buying advice in this free online used car video clip .
XW2z3JS-D3I drink ginjo sake out of a white wine glass . find out what kind of glass to drink sake out of in this free video ginjo sake guide from a master sake sommelier .
f2FDY1yUsvQ sand the outside of a bowl with a piece of sand paper folded into thirds . learn how to properly sand a bowl from a woodturning expert in this free crafts series .
h-npfcyYZvg learn about harder difficulty levels for sudoku novices from an expert in this free how-to video series on playing a sudoku puzzle .
NsqStP-C8LM learn how to prepare your battery to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
MegNbJLwnqE when selecting the right hair color , try adding dimensions of color to create a new and interesting look . find the right hair color with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
ezptZhbRZb8 learn how to use the black peppersmoke instant card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
rATvuURLOGs in this beijing chicken recipe , mushrooms and rosemary need to be chopped for the roasted vegetables side dish . chop mushrooms and rosemary for beijing chicken with tips from a chef in this free video on chinese food recipes .
WZllIsjYIFg performing side crunches with an extended elbow on a fitness ball is a great way to improve posture and work the abdominal muscles . practice this powerful posture exercise with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
fwj3DcmEsp0 in senegalese sabar dancing , ras chants are exchanged between the dancers and the drummers . hear the ras chant with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
bzwlJLCzJXo a good variation of a basic rock drum beat is to play the bass drum on the one , the and of one , the and of three and the and of four in each bar or measure to add complexity . play a rock drum beat variation using the bass drum , high hat and snare with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
U1FgDXF1kHk learn how to use the phyrexian vault artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
_LS82yN45d8 make up variations after understanding what a versal is . learn about writing variations on versals in calligraphy with this free art video from a calligrapher .
WBC43O7VKUQ the cases of anglo-american clocks were made in england , while the parts were made in the united states . discover the history of ango-american clocks in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
OXXg8cMn198 get a walk through of the test chamber level 8-2 for the xbox 360 game portal from the orange box with expert tips and advice in this free video game video clip .
BNRKJAZErFs learn how to choose the best archery equipment that will work for you in this free weapons training video on archery tips and techniques .
OdRtx0I1vuE when flirting , it 's okay to be playful and joke around , and is important to not be afraid of saying something stupid . be a good flirt with tips from a dating coach in this free video on meeting people and relationship advice .
12Q0_XPTWDs first acting audition ? learn how to use props for your on camera audition in this free video clip from a casting director .
hI6QaUzHcJo to make a satay chicken marinade , combine minced garlic with curry and lime juice . prepare a satay chicken marinade with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
gYY9s9z0qp8 blocking kick attacks can be easy if you utilize some wing tsun kung fu maneuvers . find out more about blocking kicks from a professional martial artist in this free video .
f8AqgMCu0c4 learn how to do the roll over dribbling technique in soccer with expert tips and advice on soccer skill and techniques in this free online soccer video clip .
t05pyCALd7Y train a dog to pick up toys by getting the dog interested in the toy and rewarding them as soon as they pick up the item . use a clicker or treat for training a dog to pick something up with instructions from a professional dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
YiepTN3VK1s in belly dancing , the circling twist with an accent back requires the dancer to twist the hips straight back and forward while circling . dance the circling accent back belly dancing twist move with tips from a belly dancer in this free dance lesson video .
efQthpM6SHg learn how to write a news article from an interview in this free journalism training video .
xqlFvwz8ODo becoming a professional comedian is ideal for the individual who has a driving passion toward the business and who has enough desire to get through the first few there are many reasons why someone may want to become a professional comedian , including fame and fortune . learn why to become a professional comedian with tips from a professional stand-up comedian and actor in this free video on career information .
vq577QmZJ50 the first massage chair was invented in 1986 , weighed 36 pounds and came in a wooden box that quickly expanded into a massage chair . learn the history of the chair massage , and how it evolved into a better-padded version , from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
EeccVwbTPoU the strike zone is one of the most important concerns for an umpire . learn how to call balls and strikes as a baseball umpire in this free video on sports officiating .
58a40nWWA6U how to create a variety of crafts for toddlers , including making collages ; get expert tips and advice on arts and crafts for toddlers in this free instructional video .
fDlxJIM1MrA start building a hermit crab cage with a large plastic container , then place bedding , something to climb on and a water bowl inside . construct a hermit crab cage that fits one crab for every gallon of tank with insight from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
_fBFVetoKJ8 learn how to draw with oil pastels in this free pastel art video .
ZdWaKYl1b7w when cutting out vinyl stencils , place paper pattern directly over vinyl . cut out the stencil for a glass etching project with the tips in this free video on how to etch glass from a crafts expert .
zUAxbYqPMfA how to use malt and hops to home brew pilsner beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
n9QDAjvrxMY watch and learn from our yoga expert how to do leg extensions for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video on yoga poses and stretches for the expecting mother .
4UIgHVdJJi0 should you get the extended warranty for your bike ? learn about bicycle warranties in this free video bicycle buying guide from a cycling expert .
yJtmhPBJT4k in caring for a wig , washing the wig is important to keeping the wig looking healthy and tame . take care of a wig by washing and brushing the hair with tips from a hair stylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
w1pWQ3TA_4w sayunage to kubishime is a painful aikido technique to use against enemy who pushes you in the chest . learn how to do sayunage and transition to kubishime from a two handed push or ryotedori in this free aikido training video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
wKOkJZTTWp4 watch as an expert plumber explains how to turn on a water main in this free online video about replacing shower valves .
qcygOSzyREw jogging to warm up begins with a brisk power walk and progresses into a full speed jog . jog to warm up the body with tips from a professional football player in this free video on warming up .
ex0haaKeUOY a new way to do chin-ups ! learn how to improve your upper body strength by doing assisted chin-ups at home or at the gym in this free functional movement workout video .
sLpblZw8yjE a café au lait is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
fDuaOtOt1rI make a cartoon truck drawing using basic shapes and some added detail ; learn tips , ticks and more for creating realistic cartoon drawings in this free online art lesson about cartoons taught by expert matt moskal .
EaClIx2UA6U practicing gliding is the basis of snowboarding skill . learn some great ways to practice your snowboard straight gliding in this free video clip on winter sports .
IO-2gzWFEEg you will use a crackle medium for this tricky technique . learn how to make picture frames look old from a professional artist in this free crafts video .
SHzfMmrA2YU getting current and adopted pets to get along only requires introducing them with a long group walk . introduce current and adopted pets with tips from an animal rescue manager in this free pet adoption video .
fLLiOY8ap8o begin with the black paint areas on the castle and crab in the child 's bathroom mural . paint a castle and a crab for a child 's bathroom mural with tips from a professional artist in this free home decor video .
YLX0RxxqyW0 hand painted nail art tutorial ! learn how to apply nail polish dots to right pinky finger in this free nail art video from a professional nail technician .
f0R5y7JbJAQ when replacing a lamp cord , the first thing to do is find out where the cord is going into the lamp . replace a lamp cord with tips from a certified hvac tech and plumber in this free video on electrical repairs .
egEQrOLjKxc a production assistant focuses a camera by zooming in on the talent all the way , focusing to get the clearest shot and zooming back out . learn how to zoom and focus on a camera with tips from an experienced production assistant in this free video on television careers .
tbhvS6YYGlo spray weight machines in the gyms with an alcohol solution between uses to cut down on gym germs . stay healthy on gym weight machines with the tips from this free video on gym hygiene .
fEHjV8vc66w practice belly dancing reverse undulations by doing an advanced rocking combo . do an advanced rocking comb reverse undulation with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
i3flBAgewkU attach the petals for a nice flower picture . get tips on how to apply the petals to a picture from a crafts expert in this free video .
qe3rGjmPq6A violin scales help beginning violinists to master fingering of notes . play the first scale degree of the g harmonic minor scale on the violin with the music tips in this free video on violin lessons from a professional violinist .
_QgjDMdQn58 tips for preparing fabric for quilts . learn how to trim and sew quilt fabrics in this free quilting lesson from a crafts expert .
N6BVpxXln4Q when using a bo staff , study aikido and create different attack combinations to confuse and subdue an aggressive opponent . lean a bo staff combo with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on bo staff techniques .
zixrT_62MZ0 learn about potentiometers for circuit bending in this video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
1lQ2x29e2oM the high hat is the timekeeper of the drum kit . learn how to play the bell and wash of the high hat in this free video .
919XJWqM8dM learn how to use a 4-4 defensive football formation with expert football tips from a former football player in this free video clip on playing defense .
KIhAh36KQcY music conductors need to know compound patterns . learn tips and techniques for conducting music in this free video series that will teach you all you need to know to become a great music conductor .
v5bU3FdyxHk a teardrop jump shot is a great way for shorter basketball players to score , and to do a teardrop jump shot , throw the ball with one hand . find out how to fake out a defender with a teardrop jump shot in this free video from a semiprofessional basketball player .
fEmmc0SV8sI creating a musical audition checklist is a great idea when entering your first audition . learn some tips for creating a checklist from a professional actor in this free video .
IcX26iezW-M when playing interactive games , babysitters should make sure that the activities are age appropriate , the location is safe and that they have permission to go outside . play fun games that involve arts and crafts and interaction using tips from a general education teacher in this free video on babysitting .
Kw8kHsx5C9Y an example of imbedding kleenex into wax and adding paint to them using mica-based paint ; learn tips tricks and more from expert john vandebrooke for creating beautiful encaustic wax paintings in this free art lesson on video .
f7tPmwddoyk how to capture video using ulead movie factory in this free home movie video .
hjAo_kIkin8 promoting your myspace page is easy with these tips , get expert advice on myspace pictures , profiles , graphics and layouts in this free video .
tM51bgYqCIE wag the tailbone from side-to-side and stretch the back of the legs . use tailbone twist exercises from zen yoga to raise metabolism and generate energy circulation with tips from the founder of zen yoga .
tvdAxelNroo learn about musical plays and performances with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
fKt5_BA7994 get tips for serving steamed broccoli and learn how to infuse broccoli with essences of garlic and thyme in this free online video cooking lesson .
PQsXK5t2XkE learn how to grow squash in your vegetable garden in this free online video guide to vegetable gardening .
f5TUICXYkGw learn about blitzing gaps with expert tips and advice on running a 3-3 football defense in this free video clip .
637UpNGo72A in nia , perform a step touch and kick exercise to increase agility and flexibility . learn more about the step touch and kick exercise from a professional nia instructor in this free fitness video .
SPFGatoMXWg attaching pottery handles correctly will keep them from breaking off . watch how to attach pottery handles to clay pots and vases you have made in this free ceramics video .
Blvf2okRls4 for juggling four balls , routines include a beginning , middle and end with seamless transitions . feeling up to it ? do routines for juggling four balls with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
A-f5nCeosEg learn the different health benefits of kombucha tea with expert brewing tips in this free medicinal healing video clip .
X6f9aY80ch4 lead with your heel for style in your crossback with a turn . learn how to do hip hop traveling movements from a professional teacher in this free dance video .
WBs1QwMySLY adopting a bird for free is possible at bird re-homing centers and bird rescue facilities across the country . adopt a bird at no charge with tips from a bird caretaker in this free video on birds .
QCmGZThBklc have to deliver a persuasive speech ? get tips for using questions of policy in speeches with this free video clip about tips for persuasive speaking .
pNlTTWwmqVg an inside straight draws gives a lot of poker players problems . learn how to play five-card draw poker in this free gaming video .
Lo6DLBchjaQ need a cute short haircut ? get tips for parting your hair for a a-line bob hair cut in this free video clip from a professional hair stylist .
rGY9dWjmc-Y making a double crochet stitch starts like a single crochet , but the yarn is only pulled through one loop on the hook before pulling more thread through both loops . create a double crochet stitch , making sure to chain three stitches at the end of each row , with instructions from an experienced craftswoman in this free video on crochet .
S8CwQ3LCznQ to do interval training , push muscles and heart rate to the max and then spend equal time recovering . find out how to do interval training with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about easy cardiovascular workouts .
gtbcEW_xyK4 the importance of controlling your kids ' food allergies . learn about children 's nutrition , food allergies , and getting kids to eat healthy in this free video .
ekFUJnp-MIU know the glycemic index of the foods you are eating . eat foods that are below fifty on the glycemic index . learn how to overcome obesity in 12 weeks from a certified personal trainer in this free weight loss video .
GMRtRwDO36Q look around bedside for items to get rid of when packing . learn other places to look for things to throw out when early packing a bedroom with expert tips in this free moving video .
f-IZXr7nODg state laws and financial affidavits determine who gets a 401k in a divorce . find out more about dividing 401ks with tips from a professional psychologist in this free video about relationship and marriage advice .
f49dpJCNEfQ to make a ponytail , brush the hair to make it neat and then run it through a hair band . make a ponytail with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
E4UDlUyZ3ME learn how to switch ollie over a flat gap from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
TbtloykajUQ if you 're a chocolate lover , you 'll love this recipe for chocolate ganache . learn how to make this dessert in a free cooking video .
ftOxzzu_ZwU there are several reasons to build your own guitar : because it 's less expensive , it 's custom , so it 's just right for you , and it 's just plain cool , learn more in this free guitar-building video .
rz5T2PQFOIk learn how to attach beads to earrings in this free video clip about making handcrafted jewelry .
fv8ScmYZido photographs are great subject matter for painting portraits . learn how to choose photographs and canvas for painting alternative portraits .
0PmsnedbvGg the g major lydian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the fourth note of the g major scale . play the lydian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced saxophone player in this free video music lesson .
u1TjlO7Bb1g for the saxophone , a triad is a chord that can be played simultaneously . learn about triad chords in saxophone playing with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
bfSThF7sLJ4 learn how to perform the tai chi roll back movement in this free beginner tai chi video .
NoIHNxPPaaY herbs that lead towards all twelve major meridians as well as other benefits ; learn this and more in this free online alternative health video series focusing specifically on traditional chinese medicine .
CpQ4hlCaQZI build an apreggio on the bass with the notes of a major chord . learn tips for improving your upright bass playing skills in this acoustic bass lesson from an expert bass player .
ttCy7KsokhM look for a straight line that 's uninterrupted and an `` l '' shape in order to fold your binding back to line up with your raw edges . learn more about how to create your own quilt in this free video series .
p2ZiUm1XsHA watch and learn about how to attach materials in fly tying and other fly fishing tips in this free how-to video on fly tying tips and techniques .
sEMZG8LLXw0 an anchor stitch on a round pillow makes closing the seam easier . sew an anchor stitch to a round pillow with tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
pqrJaWb4Ajk learn how to use some troubleshooting tips for a jack plane and get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on using tools for rough finishing and smoothing edges of wood in this free woodworking video .
JJiAamJi3sQ learn how to chop garlic for a chili recipe and tips , tricks and techniques in this free online cooking video taught by expert chef david postada .
MeaI_x6A-84 learn how to do the mambo cha cha in this free instructional video lesson on basic step aerobic exercise and routines .
fA4l9JWP7f4 centering clay for a ceramic sake set ensures symmetric pieces of pottery . learn to center clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
DXsuLga9rFw negative space can be positive space or counters in calligraphy . learn about calligraphy and negative space from a calligrapher in this free art video .
exWCLdoxmGU decide whether to record original songs or covers before going into the studio . learn how to write a song when recording an album in this free studio recording lesson from a professional musician .
jo4kQKpXyts men 's skin care differs from women 's skin care because men tend to experience more sun damage and tend to pay less attention to the quality of skin care products they use . treat men 's skin with tips from a life coach stylist in this free video on skin care .
zC7qL5BqtTc the kwanzaa principle of kuumba focuses on creativity . learn about the principles of kwanzaa in this free holiday celebration video from an authority on african-american culture .
LR8s8EU1oRc in this violin scale , g natural is the sixth scale degree . play the sixth scale degree of the b harmonic minor scale on the violin with the music tips in this free video on violin lessons from a professional violinist .
fvJTTgZzjbE when massaging a stiff neck , place a hot pack on the neck to relax the tissue before massaging the levator scapulae muscle . alleviate pain and stress around the neck with tips from a massage therapist in this free video on massage techniques .
Ykrn9NCiquQ lung strength is an important part of playing saxophone . learn proper breath control for playing the saxophone in this free music lesson from a professional sax player .
usXuQGf48Gg how to adjust the yo-yo string for your personal height in this free video on yo-yo basics .
Ocd_5riqiz4 learn how to decide what size to make a sleeping bag for an american girl doll with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free kid 's crafting video clip .
88SuhqIFJGU learn how to gauge the temperature of your hands in this free video .
6rzxHRttGdE make sure you know five card draw before you play shotgun poker . learn how to play five card draw from a champion poker player in this free card video .
K_kUkBxpoH4 learn from an expert how to chop basil to add to cajun ratatouille in this free recipe video on combining french and cajun cuisine to make cajun ratatouille .
TQBeKDsbe2E control the hockey puck with your stick . learn how to play ice hockey with this free video lesson .
Rg7I6jEV5g4 add a new video to an itunes library by dragging it into itunes from the computer 's desktop , find out more about adding new videos to itunes with expert tips from a computer specialist in this free video about itunes troubleshooting .
SZq0UT_wKB0 home beer-brewing three-piece airlocks allow carbon dioxide to escape during the brewing process . find out purposes of three-piece brewing airlocks from a master brewer in this free video on beverage making .
JJMnIwUHTiY learn about irises in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
ft_Dha-ZOck stay neutral on a motocross bike when performing a jump . learn about performing a motocross jump with tips from a professional motocross rider in this free sports video .
VNb3LQIr6hM learn how to train to do nunchuck double strikes from an expert in martial arts in this weapons training video on using nunchucks for beginners .
KZoyTpAMo10 using a steam cleaner requires that the right detergent is loaded , along with hot tap water to create sufficient steam . move a steam cleaner in slow , steady strokes with tips from a remodeling contractor in this free video on home repair and maintenance .
F8mnYVnJ2fo what is chicken biryani and how is it made ? learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
t7eIlps7OOo learn about functional training exercises on the kinesis resistance training system in this free fitness video on functional training with the kinesis system .
X34ek9iGO1U determine the right kind and amount of light your house plant will need in this free educational video series .
Q1-VpQdxCWY guitar chords are one of the major elements of playing guitar music , and are often one of the first things taught to beginners . play basic guitar chords with tips from a guitar instructor in this free music lesson video .
GsNZI5iONpk a furlong too late is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
JWzTG2yWcBE when suing a landlord over a dispute , check the lease agreement and determine whether or not it is a residential landlord-tenant dispute or a commercial landlord-tenant dispute . resolve a legal issue in accordance with state requirements with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
SGptIhpMqyE sand the wooden base of a hand mirror before applying tiles . learn how to sand for a mosaic tiled hand mirror at home in this free crafting video .
qj7PpaKHT_w the benefits of tai chi movements and forms include exercise , stress relief and body control . learn tai chi movement thirteen from a tai chi chuan expert in this free martial arts video .
lvINdVW8Kh0 when watercolor painting , crop an image and turn the artistic design into something else if a mistake is made . find out more about cropping images when watercolor painting from an award-winning artist in this free video on watercolor painting .
igpiqe537Ig during a valve adjustment , a mechanic must rotate the crank shaft to align each cylinder in view . watch an automotive service excellence ( ase ) certified master mechanic rotate the engine cylinders in this free video on car maintenance .
dpNl2QoUi60 the coils and the filling of a mattress are the most important elements to examine when buying a mattress . learn about mattress coils and filling with tips from the owner of a mattress store in this free video on how to buy a mattress .
9bS2altGOuc tacking up a horse involves placing the saddle on a horse 's back , attaching the girth and securing the bridle . tack up a horse with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
xqj1VKTZNaY learn how to hem the bottom of a homemade garment bag with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
fu9RbP7w8us after biceps are worked out and full of blood , stretching the muscles creates a greater sensation . stretch the biceps muscle and shoulders with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on body weight exercises .
UUWd2FLMi-E balancing your energy is important to overall health . learn how to balance your energy after a chi gong exercise routine in this free video .
mBhbEyyuAtU toilet paper rolls make a great container for gift wrapping small items like lipsticks . watch this free video clip and see how a gift wrapping expert is able to use this to wrap a gift .
icFEXWRun6U learn where linebackers and linemen should stand in the football dime formation from a professional football coach in this free sports video .
s3Vk8Vh5nio check the amount of memory a computer has in microsoft windows by clicking on the my computer feature to view system information . learn to check the memory space of a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft windows .
_fAPGR7pJCE how to finger pick a guitar with harmonics ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
f3c4j32h_HM in skateboarding , a smith grind is done by doing an ollie above an obstacle and landing in smith grinds . do a smith grind on a skateboard with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
w4UTvae_XB8 cleansing , moisturizing and foundation primer are important steps before applying makeup . learn more about how to prep the skin in this free makeup tips video from a professional makeup artist .
LUc5uppqib0 the circle change pitch is the most commonly thrown change up in baseball . watch how a circle change is thrown with tips from a professional baseball instructor in this free video on baseball .
SJncCoZZezM the 78 camaro is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
GJfHdKmTswM see an example of a country song with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
fA2ofykIlQE pointing the elbows to the ceiling , have a partner pull your arms to stretch the shoulder . learn how to do lateral pull downs with a partner in this free workout video from a physical fitness trainer .
fz1JDM2a0Co start the airplane pop with your right leg down and your hands over . learn how to do the airplane pop in intermediate hip hop dancing .
NeN9iBOXpkE learn tips on the steps to take to restore an old , painted staircase in a victorian home in this free video clip .
l6nrvdQzPTI learn how to make a valentine 's day key chain for that special someone in this free crafts video on making valentine 's day cards and crafts for kids .
KZw6qMpsnXc reduce the size of your thighs by using a medicine ball to perform lunges to improve leg strength and balance . get in shape and create smaller looking thighs with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on exercising .
w22xuELs_xA the left hand is very important when playing the song drum beat pattern using bembe and calypso techniques . learn this technical progression for the songo drum beat from a professional drum teacher in this free drumming video .
qfIuuWsuLeM a bimini twist knot uses a lot of fishing line because it extends the leader . learn about tying bimini twist fishing knots in this free fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
drEPsilac4E presentation is important when plating rosemary vinegar pork chops . learn how to make rosemary vinegar pork chops from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
eeaUv6vvoy4 it 's important to be prepared for everything on your day hike . learn first aid tips for hiking in this free hiking video .
JVccpZocckw after learning african dance moves it 's time to put more passion and emphasis on their meaning . learn how to put more power into your dance moves int his free video clip from out expert dance instructor .
IPG6Cwa4D1Q permanent hair removal , which is done through laser hair removal , will vary in cost depending on what part of the body is being worked on . find out how machine pulses factor into laser hair removal costs with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
jFogx4jJ8vA set up your own photoshop express account . learn how to get started editing photos on social networking sites such as facebook as well as blogs in this free image editing tutorial from a computer graphics professional .
pIscvX0gsk0 the verbena is a good flowering plant for use near walkways . learn about growing verbena plants from a horticulturist in this free gardening video on flowering and bedding plants .
WGz8-M08ceI use a pencil to draw the outline for the dragonfly 's body . learn how to make a paper dragonfly in this free crafts video .
f3iM38y74dg retro boots and shoes in the 1960s varied between mods and hippies . learn about different footwear worn in the 1960s from a retro fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
bKgDAn5teeg nicks , chipping paint and discoloration can be covered up by adding little touches in a complementary color to any bathroom . learn more in this free educational video series .
nQEdKlaA7_Y the 2-5-1 note pattern on a saxophone is a popular progression in the key of b flat . play a 2-5-1 note pattern on the saxophone in the key of b flat with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
fz4KAm2J5U4 the side twist will help you take down your attacker by using his weight against him . learn how to apply the side twist from inside position in self defense in this free martial arts video .
hiPd9GlwZ4c combining arm and hand movements with marked steps in flamenco dancing is an important part of the dance . learn more about adding hand and arm movements to marked steps in flamenco dancing with tips from a dance instructor and choreographer in this free dance lesson video .
J5tRjFlTJf4 the yoga upward dog pose with extension is a more advanced yoga pose . if you are experienced with yoga , learn the upward dog pose in this free yoga video .
l2R9y2-QgDM defeating the bosses in `` dead rising '' is easy with these tips . get expert advice on video games and gaming in this free video .
rCxrBl6cf5s learn how to reinforce the top of the homemade garment bag with ribbon with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
QC_WtRZyBFQ alternate who goes first , who is the dealer , from hand to hand . learn how to play bar dice in this free gaming video .
WvPBZNlzXko how to end off a hemp spiral knot bracelet ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by a pottery making expert .
hqmN7BsxuqI to grow bamboo , place a piece of the plant in the ground or in a container and provide it with plenty of sunlight . grow bamboo with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
zfoQYzWWG2g many people believe heating pads are best for chiropractic injuries , but ice may be better in some situations . learn more about ice packs versus heating pads with tips from a chiropractor in this free back health video .
44e5Adc6V3A clay ears on a pot can be made to like they have been attached with rivets . attach an ear to a clay vessel using pottery techniques in this free ceramics video .
WziTW3_a_VE grouting mosaic tiles is messy , requires mixing the grout , and must be done after the glue has fully dried . learn how to mix grout and how to prepare your workspace for grouting tile mosaics in this free video .
YOJZ3vsPaRY compress the clay a final time to prevent s cracks and to have a uniform piece of clay to work with . learn how to compress clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
Pzli8xZZl28 learn more ways to choose a handbag for everyday use in this free video .
O6Pvm9Tzl14 create a lip for a ceramic tumbler by rounding out the top with a sponge . learn to form a tumbler lip with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
roEP2TA-uTs dominoes can be played with up to four players with or without a bone yard . set up a game with multiple players using tips from a professional domino player in this free video .
c7eg1t9LXPA are you interested in getting eyelash extensions ? our expert shows you how eyelash extensions are applied in this free beauty and cosmetics video .
tftz50QCDlw using a chair might be useful when attempting to work your quad muscles in a full body workout . learn a quad exercise from a choreographer in this free latino home workout video .
V_LIGXhRnZU different types of slow cookers you can use to cook your beans and cooking time ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
Dd9osbtKS7A the right hand chorus for `` jingle bells '' on piano begins in the key of e. learn to play the `` jingle bells '' chorus with your right hand in this free video on piano .
nr_sc1AO5bw a baseball fielding percentage is calculated by dividing the number of assists and put outs by the number of chances . calculate baseball fielding percentages with tips from a swing mechanics analyst and hitting coach in this free video on baseball statistics and tips .
JFmowKwOgNU copper foil dispenser keeps your tape from getting bent and broken . learn how to use a copper foil dispenser in this free video clip about using copper foiling for stained glass art .
ef7hVlqBEWM when making an oil lamp by wood turning on a lathe , the top of the lamp might take special attention . carve the top of an oil lamp on a wood lathe with an experienced wood turner in this free video on wood working .
mFh-1N3vTWA learn about appropriate birding attire in this free bird watching video .
q_gdhkO_gb4 shooting properly in basketball is n't always intuitive . get expert tips and advice on basketball history , shooting , dunking , and drills in this free video .
f0t_ZW7p7Ys as with any saxophone mode or scale , the phrygian mode has a few built in melodic ideas that are able to be heard within the mode . find a few of these natural melodic ideas within the phrygian mode from an experienced music instructor in this free video saxophone lesson .
fswhB_qSPi8 using paper towels , clean dirt and mud from door panels when detailing a car . discover how to clean door panels with tips from the owner of a car detail shop in this free video about how to detail a car .
8F5Uj4J8Rm8 want to improve your bo staff martial arts skills ? learn how to do the palm spin move in this free martial arts video .
ShcxmnoyXUg a good hoop house design keeps plants warmer and stands up to violent weather . design and build a hoop house with a professional organic farmer in this free gardening video .
lwk2vP-JG0Y how to make a dragonfly when painting nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
nxJgFzFQv5o what would a groom never do or say ? learn how to play the disgruntled groom bachelorette party game in this free party planning video from a professional event planner .
hhomXljwIDY learn tips for drizzling cookies with chocolate from an expert baker in this free recipe video about how to make delicious peanut butter chocolate cookies .
rUtEBzgdOQc chala is a sitar technique that uses the sympathetic strings as almost a drone . learn to play sitar solos from an authentically trained player in this free sitar video lesson .
TsXxI9XoVDM learn how to fill in inconsistent areas while texturing a ceiling in this free home remodeling video .
Ic_wPB17qJg keeping dogs in the same household from fighting requires the dogs ' owner to be alpha , or pack leader , and give exercise , discipline and affection to end fights easily . teach your dogs not to fight and protect them from injury with tips from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
n6iTSwAM0Kk the brown cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
GXQy3fXHO9E the liu technique in tai chi is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and exercises in this free video .
pmLR02WOoCw learn how to fill out the knot holes when airbrushing a wood grain finish effect on a car in this free instructional art video .
GRPNg6YibgI the universal house rule for jacks to open is you have to have an ace to draw four cards . learn more about jacks to open house rules from a champion poker player in this free card video .
WVYGvAFnyx0 regularly trimming hair keeps hair healthy and free of split ends . learn how to trim hair with tips from a hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
jpqc_h4l_kY a personal trainer charges rates depending multiple factors . save money on hiring a personal trainer with tips from a certified physical trainer in this free video on personal training .
K9bbqyGpL6g hit a longer drive by learning the power sources that fuel your golf game ; try this golf tip to improve your drives and better your golf game in this free video golf lesson .
_Jl-PjJY14U how to properly use a biscuit joiner ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on woodworking tools in this free instructional video .
0P5tenMiZTs before starting a sauteed lemon-lime shrimp recipe , clean and slice cucumbers . discover how to slice cucumbers with expert tips from a professional chef in this free video clip about easy shrimp recipes .
fIHvlFn5UZ8 adding the vegetables to finish the sauce for your dish ; learn this and more tips and preparation tips in this free online cooking video from chef donn ovshak , expert chef !
yQ4zf8sTYeY get tips for teaching kids different physical activities with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
STowgUxXBZY drum fills are a great way to accent a change in a song or emphasize a section . learn some great tips from a drumming expert in this free video clip on how to play triplet note fills .
MhW2MiowZ3g fliers , posters and craigslist are great ways of advertising when starting your own music business . learn a few advertising tips from a professional music teacher in this free music business video .
ewIajeTIPnA learn what closed body language looks like and how to read body language in this free video on body language communication skills .
sQ69yliF3Ok learn how to mix ingredients for homemade icing in this free video clip about how to make angle cookies for the holidays .
HlPHriZzRP0 to apply individual eyelashes , grab the false lash with tweezers , dip it in glue and apply it directly to the lash line . keep water and antiseptic on hand when applying individual fake eyelashes with tips from a makeup artist and beauty professional in this free video series on eye cosmetics .
6aGBXFwmyPM learn from our expert cook how to make salmon canapes for a tasty appetizer dish in this free cooking video on dinner party appetizer recipes .
f2QHiZoZovI prepping the water and the beans in a pressure cooker to prepare for cooking the beans ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
50PTKiT07GQ measuring your foot before buying new trail shoes or boots is a good idea . check out the backpacking gear in this free video on camping and hiking .
dHtAgcvappE how to sew the straps on a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
ozB34PO_BB4 what equipment does my boxing gym need ? learn what equipment you need for training in a boxing gym in this free video on gear and supplies for boxers .
2u96RNAK3ws learn to make a pop-up , origami swan in this free video on pop-up gifts and cards . .
3XvT05aUsjo use similar pastel colors to create texture for an object . learn about choosing complimentary pastel paints in this free painting lesson from a professional artist .
f6LINKBu7io both new and used organic oils can be used to make biodiesel ; learn how with tips from our biodiesel expert in this free alternative-fuel use video .
Vb4uwFKsE5c combining your male and female dancer figurines now that they 're formed ; tips and tricks for creating a dancer figurine sculpture in this free online art lesson about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
fybzNYYFNeY princess irene is another two-tone tulip ; no two are the same . learn how to identify springtime flowers in bloom from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
mIHhWOhmekU ticks that attach themselves to a pet should be removed with tweezers or fingernails . remove a tick from a pet with tips from an experienced veterinarian in this free video on pet care .
rDTD4WlL4nw being a cartoon voice actor requires animation in the voice and the ability to act . learn tips to become a cartoon voice actor from the voice of america 's naruto in this free voice over video .
WLXCy6Wjx_A your entire body is involved when doing a lunge . learn arm combination lunges with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
u306eU454sE a timber hitch is used to move timber to a campsite or campfire . learn how to tie a timber hitch knot in this free knot tying instruction video .
Y1Xia7nJmqU learn how to play bebop bass guitar scales in g major with a demonstration from our expert in this free music video on playing g major scales on bass guitar .
p_WQc-VADPU music agents are a necessity for any serious band that wants to get ahead in this business . learn tips on what an agent does and how to get one from a professional performing and touring musician in this free video .
nU7mAoSq8pA the heart chakra governs love and compassion , and is represented by the 12 petal lotus . learn about heart chakra stones and symbols with tips from a spiritual healer in this free alternative medicine video .
ktGEpfH_Gpc squats are a great exercise that you can do right at home from your couch to strengthen your legs . learn some tips on how to properly do this easy exercise from an expert fitness instructor in this free video clip .
9hAnL1Zy1MM teeth whitening trays are one of the best forms of whitening . learn how to get a custom teeth whitening tray without a dentist visit from an oral hygienist in this free dental care video .
wUIU6NSdlrI learn how to reinstall the backplate on a motorcycle after repair work with expert automotive tips in this free online motorcycle maintenance and repair video clip .
ISYYqDQzKZY in adaptive snowshoeing , going up an incline requires smaller steps . learn about ascending and descending in special needs snowshoeing from a winter sports coach in this free adaptive sports video .
kUIG2LX3zqY the cowbell is one of the easiest percussion instruments to play . simply strike it with a drum stick or anything hard . play this auxiliary percussion instrument with tips from an experienced musician in this free video .
f-G68CVw_m4 get tips on jokes and techniques that you can use in your clown routine to deal with clown phobia , in this free clowning video lesson .
ezjz8-PvsLY adductors focus on working the inside of the thigh . learn how to do adductors with a partner in this free workout video from a physical fitness trainer .
XXXz5YWRY2Q use a strap in yoga 's plank pose to assist the posture and provide reflection time . learn assisted yoga poses like plank pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
fIt7bAxPdL4 combining a double leg kick with another move looks nice . get tips on types of moves to combo with a double leg from a taekwondo expert in this free martial arts video .
DvvT3B4j1ws caring for a gray tree frog is simple by misting the substrate bedding every day , keeping the habitat humid and feeding it a small cricket every two or three days . take care of a gray tree frog , drying out the habitat between misting , with information from a pet care specialist in this free video on frogs .
fxtkHe6zRFg learn how to put on a rock climbing harness to ensure that once you 're out in the real wilderness you 'll be able to stay safe , prevent slippage and remain upright in this free beginner rock climbing video series .
fteJyZxCHUE learn from our expert how to slice mushrooms for beef stroganoff in this free recipe video on learning how to make your own beef stroganoff .
TFXbtvAyC-4 most of these calligraphy letters will be broken down to stages with two strokes . learn how to make your letters the proper height in italic hand calligraphy in this free calligraphy lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
zDMXhd5I2VU are you an arts and crafts nut ? here is a great free mosaic video about how to prep a surface to become a mosaic .
fAtXQBL65O8 a diagonal line pattern bra adds variation to a typical bra fashion design . draw diagonal line pattern bra designs with tips on lingerie designs from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
ieWZ-qWh6BY the bosu ball is a great piece of exercise equipment that anyone can use to strengthen muscles . the step up exercise is a great example of this .
fEtr8uHGxWU stage presence is a great tool for every performer to have under their belt . learn how to improve your stage presence while enjoying yourself on stage in this free video series .
PbwdoFVGu-M getting organized is as simple as putting household items in containers , file cabinets or shelves . become organized and keep a house in order with tips from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free video on housekeeping .
n-GWFYuHAv4 lawn bowling strategy includes getting closer to the jack while knocking opponents bowls away from the jack . learn more about lawn bowling strategy with expert tips from a bowling teacher in this free lawn bowling video .
lSELZ_aFxy8 how to custom order shoes online ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to shop for and purchase shoes online in this free instructional video .
efH0nWrm7rM pumping terrain can help you build speed and momentum when mountain biking . learn pedal pumping techniques for bikes in this free mountain biking video for the beginner .
uWzsgu60UNc the rum cobbler is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
9iH4XBvSTqY chords are nothing without a rhythm , and here is an example of a few minor chords played with rhythm on a hammond b3 organ that combine a bass line played with the feet . discover many new rhythms to play in any key from an experienced and talented musician in this free video .
B3BMBXgJoxY purple can be used for anything from grapes to grimace . learn how to create a fun food tray to use all year round in this free video series .
iHFW1hSQpW0 while waiting for a senegalese sabar solo to be performed , dancers twist their feet . learn to twist feet in senegalese sabar dance with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
SsQiMfdF5dE dropping the shoulder side to side in belly dancing makes a complex move from a traditional , natural motion . learn egyptian belly dancing shoulder drop from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
C8K4yXeg_MY learn how to center clay on a potter 's wheel when making a porcelain tea pot in this free ceramics video lesson .
dzdFQoPIa6o getting rid of forehead wrinkles involves either getting botox injections or using a topical botox alternative that pumps up wrinkles from the inside out . diminish the signs of aging through great skin products with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care .
Iz_PmExEfps prepare a home for winter by checking for holes in the roof , closing off exposed areas along the house and wrapping up pipes . be prepared for winter with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
ZvnEe8xpSug climbing harnesses come in several different styles to accommodate top roping , sport climbing and trad climbing , offering different levels of padding and modified fits . learn about the different types of climbing harnesses with safety information from an experienced rock climber and stunt man in this free video on extreme sports .
x0DKFfaUo3o get tips for maintaining a good health club facility by making sure your equipment is safe and modern , your club is clean , and you 're competitive with other fitness centers and spas with expert health club management advice in this free online management video clip .
P_gvU3LBAGA get some expert tips for sautéing bacon wrapped scallops from a seafood expert in this free recipe video on making bacon wrapped scallops .
W7x2yC-lZf0 organize beads and measure wire with a bead tray . learn how to use a bead tray in this free crafting video clip from a professional jewelry artist .
LJ3t4Lb6YfY teenagers like to play the `` freeze tag '' game because it offers a number fast funny scenes . learn the `` freeze tag '' game improv warm-up from a professional instructor in this free arts and entertainment video .
r5_QWuluZWs working as a team will ensure that you utilize everyone 's talents and compensate for everyone 's weaknesses while playing paintball . learn more in this free video series .
fJXXpzboZBM artifactual communication uses space decoration to influence non-verbal communication . learn more about non-verbal artifactual communication from a communications and public speaking expert in this free relationship building video .
0As86Inae1M move forward as the server tosses the ball to cut off angles and be in control of the point . learn return basics in tennis from a professional instructor in this free sports video .
HmTRtpUChXs learn about what to wear for rodeo barrel racing from our very own rodeo expert in this free instructional video on horse riding and rodeo barrel racing .
36BRtHUf6rw what are backings in fly fishing ? learn about fly fishing gear , supplies , and other equipment in this free video .
FsQZfdsw8IM one of the best ways to care for a wooden baseball bat is by keeping it clean . take care of a wooden baseball bat with tips from a former minor league baseball player in this free video on baseball equipment and skills .
MZoLQD83R-4 learn how displaying proper etiquette will show that you are dedicated to customer service with expert training tips in this free online customer service training video clip .
u-YMcb4m7kU some people make the mistake of choosing a container that is too big for the plant being potted . learn how to choose the right size container for a potted plant in this free gardening video .
f9c3iTxobbo for juggling three balls , throw the balls so that they travel in a circular pattern from the inside of the body to the outside . juggle two balls in one hand for three-ball juggling with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
hqEdghPaBBQ the most important part of throwing pottery is making sure it 's centered . learn about throwing pottery on a wheel head with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
yN2X5pLANXI begin at the ear with a darker contour color of powder blush when highlighting . apply powder blush highlights with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free cosmetic video .
NPaeg6rSCEQ finding a bird watching field guide depends on where you are going to do your bird watching . learn how to pick a field guide for your needs in this free bird watching video about how to begin to bird watch .
OpQiAH_eCc4 adding a little body pulse will help spice up your nia aerobic exercise . learn the cha cha body pulse variation from a professional nia instructor in this free workout video .
WFQgVwxMXZ0 hopping is a great way to keep your body loose and warm . get tips on hopping from a former professional athlete in this free video .
Wih6D-i-byc preparing to become an actress depends on the type of actress , as musical actresses should take singing lessons , voice actresses should work on projection and live stage actresses should concentrate on body movements . prepare the voice , body and mind to become an actress with advice from an accomplished and award-winning actress in this free video on acting .
3_X6CkyHepg avoid lens scratches by cleaning rimless glasses with a microfiber cloth . learn how to clean and take care of eyeglasses from lenses to frames in this free video .
ezFGqD9hRsc in belly dancing , the arabic float involves taking rapid steps with the feet with little hip movement . find out how to do the arabic float in belly dancing with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
OqC8KxILSWQ learn how to unlock volume on a universal remote control with expert tips in this free home electronics tutorial video clip .
-Wmkefj2--4 to avoid a bikini tan line when tanning indoors at a salon , simply tan in the nude , but be careful not to burn the areas of the skin that are less exposed to the sun . eliminate a bikini tan line with information from the owner of a tanning salon in this free video on tanning .
tCGNLrEFh2o a musician gives tips on playing drums and demonstrates how to play an 8th note high hat lift on the downbeat of beat 3 in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
1JGiATyjSvY how to play lick three of riff two for the guitar solo for weezer 's `` say it aint so '' ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert guitarist on playing guitar for pop songs in this free music lesson video .
NFxlmTkR0LE learn from our expert how to read and play funk bass guitar scales in g major in this free music video on playing g major scales on bass guitar .
fKRC8peeKWk how to perform a pre-treatment for a facial skin treatment with galvanic spa therapy ; get professional tips and advice on applying electrotherapy for the face in this free instructional video .
fkdfSGv3ce8 replace your car 's oil filter when changing the oil on your car . our expert car mechanic explains how in this free auto-maintenance video on diy oil changes .
rS9ljaN21Iw for the snake arms belly dancing move posture is very important . learn how to do the snake arm belly dancing move with tips from a dance expert in this free dance lesson video .
w3Q3kra2KjQ have teammate cover you when reloading paintball gun . learn about techniques for loading paintball guns in this free paintball gun buying guide from a paintball expert .
KEKJQPzccco confused by all the hair styling tools on the market these days ? learn all about ceramic hair styling tools with expert tips in this free hair care video .
-HFGIIDXZe8 learn how the hip adduction machine works your inner thighs in this free fitness video clip .
BINogEbbxtU using musical scales like the a melodic minor scale as a base for violin improv is part of many musical traditions . improv along the a melodic minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
f28t3UKp8bg learn how to make glitter designs with henna embellished art with expert henna design tips in this free arts and crafts video clip .
OPOJ5IeO6NY orange sticks are used to push back cuticles , which is an important step in manicures . learn how to push back cuticles with an orange stick in this free nail care video about how give yourself a manicure .
r31WyiZihjU using a roller to paint the ceiling is the next step . learn how to properly use a roller while painting from a professional painting contractor in this free home improvement video .
XVJDmJN78Jo get to know the names of several famous types of whiskey ; learn more about making and serving cocktails in this free instructional video .
tkxmGayWkVc the wheels of a basketball wheelchair slant out so that players can make quicker turns . learn how to play wheelchair basketball from a world champion and paralympic medalist in this free sports video .
fBJ0AOYSAOo find out what lens is in the digital camera you want to buy and research what flash will work for you . learn all about camera lenses and flashes in this free photography video .
gtEi2g0g5ws learn how to dispose of the old strings from your electric guitar to ensure that your instrument will remain in tune and play music beautifully in this free video series .
VdfOHaWvl70 organizing beads is the first step in making handcrafted jewelry . learn tips for storing and organizing your beads in this free crafting video clip from a professional jewelry artist .
fsdPK0620zI learn about fly casting stroke mechanics for amateur fly fishermen in this free video series .
_tRCzbdfg10 growing onions from seed is the cheapest way to propagate onions . learn how to grow onions from seed in this plant propagation video .
p2IhO_wtItc free pro tools tutorial ! learn how to import to final cut pro with expert tips and advice on sound editing in this free video .
GlXwgvjCXGc learn tools for growing houseplants from tip cuttings in this free home gardening video from our plant propagation expert .
8xrPBr3CLaA some food allergy symptoms are difficult to notice . learn about children 's nutrition , food allergies , and getting kids to eat healthy in this free video .
qV3nmcAmIAw learn how to use the black dusk imp card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
KPfvH_1bukk modern day flamenco guitar enthusiasts have revived the flamenco tradition , learn to play the spanish song , impetu on guitar from a flamenco guitar expert in this free music video series .
fHPQ0WYfLmI southern cricket frogs like muddy areas near water and make a noise similar to a cricket . raise healthy pet cricket frogs with tips from a herpetologist in this free video on souther cricket frog care .
grFUIrG3QbA learn proper rear-wheel placement for a bmx 540 hurricane with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
6wjuHaep0YQ a smile is a belly dance move that combines the slide and pull chest motionslearn belly dance chest movements like the smile from a dance instructor in this free dance video lesson .
4yonVeogcew a good dj phrase will have a distinct flow . learn how to create scratch phrases in this free dj scratching video lesson from a experienced disk jockey and music teacher .
k-KVQ-q4xoY fluid changes are a big part of motorcycle maintenance . learn tips on how to adjust the primary chain and change the fluid in this free motorcycle maintenance video .
OzeE0nCbuP0 do you need to get in shape ? watch this free exercise video on cool down tips and change your life .
kvCRX__lihQ for the inner thigh yoga stretch you should feel the thighs stretch a little more with each breath . learn how to do the inner thigh yoga stretch with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
uB_SjZli2KE learn how to blitz out of the 6 - 2 defense in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
fCZbs8hBt2w learn the basics of dusting when dusting and vacuuming your home , to instantly improve your home 's appearance , in this free house-cleaning video .
A9rrp_H_SbA to become a qualified veterinarian , one especially needs to be good with people and their pets . learn how to become a veterinarian with tips from a practicing veterinarian in this free careers video .
YCN6gIVJWeg how to apply the top coat when painting nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
edb3BbcYi_8 mandolin chords such as g major and g minor can be played in tremolo . learn how to play tremolo on the mandolin in the g major and g minor chords in this free video music lesson .
f5H2eEyYEXw learn how to test your eye muscles when doing self hypnosis with expert hypnosis tips in this free online self hypnosis video clip .
fww0PKDuKe8 learn how length and material affects the price of wigs in this free hair replacement and style video .
tslUyQyQMXQ learn how to do the yoga tree pose for new mothers in this free fitness video .
f3PoNhJSkiA when adjusting the backlighting for shining text in photoshop , rasterize the text , find the right color and blur the text slightly . learn how to add finishing touches to backlit photoshop text that shines from a photoshop expert in this free video on computer graphic design .
IPXqxE3Wm3w massage therapy is a great way to relax , relieve stress , increase circulation , open up muscle tissues and move clean , healthy , oxygenated blood throughout the body . find out more about the benefits of massage therapy with tips from a massage therapist in this free video on massage techniques .
DRZtci51LM4 learn what a panion is and why it is important in this free animal care video .
fGOgdMxbrbk a diamond expert explains the different colors of diamonds and what you should look for when buying a diamond in this free video about diamond jewelry .
rItQGJ__GPI batch processing is a feature of paint shop pro that can make or break your edited photos and images , get a tutorial in this free video .
QtIfFH8wWgs the back of a roughing gouge is called a bevel . get expert woodturning tips on using a bevel in this free crafts video .
pzNOG_zCjG4 understand what the stud aspect of poker is and how it affects sequence poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering the sequence poker style in no time .
edFY_Xv6Rq8 learn about the elvis step and how to do an elvis step move from an expert in basic step aerobics in this free instructional video lesson on basic step aerobic exercise and routines .
fDbzkN_xW2M bridal shower favors include pictures the guests can take home and gift boxes with treats inside . give out favors at a bridal shower with tips from a party planner in this free video on weddings .
E54H8bmwxxM kids may not understand a pet 's death . get tips for taking them to school in this free video clip about coping with pet loss for children .
-jSjNbQQNRU use a stability ball with abdominal crunches to help muscles stay contracted throughout the entire exercise . learn to do stability ball crunches from a professional trainer in this free exercise video .
l7tDWEExqAU asking people too many questions could be harmful when trying to improve self awareness . get tips on asking people questions for increasing self awareness from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
BU7k0EycaFQ grease the slides of a french horn for better playing ; learn how with tips from our expert french horn player in this free orchestra video music lesson on french horns .
egEuLPYVsP0 the front toe drop core abdominal exercise requires focus on breath . learn to do the front toe drop core exercise with tips from a certified fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
6z-x1ezR9s0 learn the right to left change steps for men in basic jive dancing in this video dance lesson .
P1VfXv80SMc the sandra buys a dog is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
HeSxYDDoh6Q check out these finished fashion sketches ; learn how to draw fashion sketches in this free video on fashion design and illustration .
jy_RYcvZZkc these are points such as seat , pedals , handlebars where you come into contact with bike . learn how get extra comfort on your bicycle in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
fvq549LevSA cigars are aged to marry the tobacco leaf wrapper and the tobacco bunch and should be kept fresh in a humidor . learn how to properly store cigars in this free video .
eeFbVU3BODg a good background image can make a web page interesting , and designers set those carefully . create background images for an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
r0R4XF2X2sw learn tips on how to read and write intervals on sheet music in this free video clip on music theory and music lessons .
ulleaeMgrTE caulking the cracks in a room can make walls smooth for painting . learn about proper caulking from a professional painting contractor in this free home improvement video .
Ut_of4JC5bM french chicken recipes pair well with mashed potatoes . learn to make mashed potatoes for french chicken with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
y7q0oY63SB8 learn how to make icing in this free video clip about how to make angle cookies for the holidays .
71h-HcFq464 learn how to peel eggplant to make an eggplant sandwich , in this free online video recipe .
Heh3jXWjXGU oblique isolation exercises will focus on side abdominal muscles in order to build core strength . learn how to do oblique isolations with tips from a fitness instructor in this exercise video .
B1PzCwfgXyU keep your eye on your audience . do n't read the punchline of your joke off your notes . learn how to give a funny speech from professional speaker and communications instructor tracy goodwin in this free public speaking video .
HMmvlJOfOcg ukulele open chords are chords in music that include an open string . learn more about ukulele open chords from a professional musician in this free video .
tkE-Ssk5jtg learn how to add green beans and seasonings to a green bean casserole with expert cooking tips in this free classic american casserole recipe video clip .
fCmEFyw7K-Y put the drain plug back in after draining the oil . learn how to reinstall the drain plug on your oil pan , in this free video .
M4d1Rs8cijc the legs will attach to the body close to the dragonfly 's head . learn how to make a paper dragonfly in this free crafts video .
Pz4cAgNAP7c characters need to be connected to real life in a dramatic interpretation . get tips on developing characters for dramatic interpretations from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
U5NKLY-3ucA a doubling gives a one , two pulse in between notes on a bagpipe . learn how to separate melody notes with doubling in bagpipes with free video lessons from a bagpipe teacher .
oCYTdRSvveA preparing your thread for quilting will allow it to produce a clean , crisp stitch to your quilt . learn more about how to create your own quilt in this free video series .
f4bVS-FsQF4 nail holes made in sheet rock should be filled with putty . learn about filling nail holes with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
khAXBfdMK14 pole dancers can slide down the pole as a suicide fall or hand sit . learn to fall while pole dancing in this free pole dancing class video .
fFcwfrpxI6A colored flowers are great easter decorations for carousel cards . stamp flowers onto easter carousel cards with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
f2KgKiFto5s return a serve in tennis with a forehand slice or block . learn how to return serve in tennis , from location to different stroke types , in this free video lesson .
A6jykWJZoLU acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that can help people lose weight but without proper dieting the effects could be curbed . learn tips on how and why this is from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
fIe0zaLNu6o speed boats often get hard water spots in addition to an accumulation of lake scum and debris . scrub the sides of a speed boat with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
ojBLKMqtZQ8 the crossover putting or left hand low grip has become quite popular among both professional and amateur golfers . get a demonstration of the crossover putting grip from a golf instructor in this free golf video .
egSsbTI4nlU watch and learn from our expert how to stretch our your inner thighs for cross country running in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
wcTzxjttsUw a telemarketer 's salary can include an hourly wage from $ 7 to $ 12 per hour in addition to commission for sold products and services . get salary information from a telemarketing manager in this free career video .
tSBWABhUfJQ photoline masks work much like the mask features in photoshop . edit a mask in photoline with software tips from a professional graphic designer in this free video .
R7tnkq3a-zQ a saddle is another word for a bicycle seat . learn about collecting various vintage bicycle accessories from a bicycle expert in this free video .
i3WrHcDcfic some psychics have difficulty seeing bad things that happen to family members or knowing a missing person has died . find out details of what these experiences and visions are like firsthand from a famous psychic in this free video on a career as a psychic .
iCPS9aswDwg in order to relax before a date , it helps to meditate and introspectively examine how life is going , what has been accomplished and what hopes exist for new accomplishments . relax for a date by envisioning the date being a success with tips from the author of several dating books in this free video on relationship advice .
f0YOJKQhDEA discover the ingredients necessary for kitty heaven cat food in this free video .
olFf1_BWASA when mixing the citrus smack alcoholic drink , use a highball glass and add rum , triple sec , sour mix and grapefruit juice . concoct this wonderful beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
Sx-tqo5qSy8 it is exciting to put advanced hip hop dance moves together in a combination . learn advanced hip hop dance choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
jelzqpQYW_U get a free saxophone lesson on playing the e major scale in this free video lesson taught by a professional saxophone player .
C9cckLuyAxw learn how to prepare potatoes for korean soon tobu ji gae with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
sRcd_yex9M0 start with the bunny slope when skiing with a spinal cord injury . get tips for beginner skiing with spinal cord injuries from an expert winter sports instructor in this free video .
fx17gYE2m-4 learn how to fry sweet and spicy chicken wings in this free online video recipe .
Ju0bGQ8sink childproofing is essential in every room of your house , including your kitchen where sharp utensils and heavy objects are stored . learn more in this free video series that will ensure that your child stays safe in every room of your house , including your kitchen .
K4aPrB32t-4 help your child use the internet safely and learn how to block pop-ups and internet restrictions on a child 's computer in this free online video on responsible parenting and the internet .
rIwqkzBq5nQ learn tips on a great upper body cross fitness exercise called the renegade , from our expert , in this free fitness video on cross fitness pulling upper body exercises .
wKKXCrL44v8 learn all about the carpal tunnel syndrome medical condition with expert massage tips in this free massage therapy video clip .
eimvMDPu9jI bicycle criss cross is one of the most effective abdominal exercises . learn how to do bicycle criss cross to strengthen ab muscles with tips from a fitness trainer in this free core exercise video .
XHJ5DMVGFCU in golf , the performance of a sand wedge depends on its bounce rating and the type of surface that it 's being used on . select a sand wedge with tips from a master golf instructor in this free video on golf .
N1X63d_jgmw adjust the rate of speed in your conversational speech depending on the point you are trying to make . learn how to give a conversational speech from professional speaker and communications instructor tracy goodwin in this free public speaking video .
TC-kGHRpPlU hot wax is the traditional method for waxing and tuning a snowboard . choose the best wax for a snowboard with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free video on extreme sports .
f8gQOljytrA check with swimming pool store expert to find out what equipment you need . learn where to find pool supplies and replacement filter parts in this swimming pool care video from our swimming pool expert .
MxYeEK76cRY a typical oven has both an upper and lower element that are plugged into the main electrical source in the back of the oven . turn off the power before replacing the element in an oven with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
f818eSZYAfA get tips for proper amounts of ingredients to use in cream of mushroom soup recipe in this free online cooking video .
q6lgq8_AKUM learn about same side watering in plants in this free video clip about plant care .
TYBjJ_KvK7c spotting is a diving maneuver that helps a diver locate the water in order to prepare their entry . learn a few tips for spotting from a professional diving instructor in this free swimming video .
fG1gdvZTsOo get an explanation on how to play the eighteenth variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
UohYle0KqRY before beginning the side to front batma combination , take a deep breath to focus on and engage the core muscles . learn more about the side to front batma combination with tips on side-lying core exercises from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
S6dU__8EliY giving the final mixture a stir and then ladle half of the mixture on to the pan and adding fish for greek fish plaki ; learn tips , trick and preparations suggestions in this free online cooking video about greek food taught by an expert chef .
mggePQByU10 get advice for painting and decorating sneakers in this free video clip about tips for cleaning paint brushes .
S_j55Cm8u7s use inks made specifically for calligraphy . learn about different inks for uncial hand calligraphy in this free calligraphy lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
RoYd-_AKjOs learn how to prepare wall studs for house siding installation from a professional contractor in this free diy home improvement video .
fDdcjv1Q_q8 buying an affordable mattress may sound like a good idea , but in the world of mattresses , inexpensive often means a poor quality sleep . find useful information on affordable mattresses with tips from the owner of a mattress store in this free video on how to buy a mattress .
fwqIbnWk8ds felt hats , whether wool or fur , are brushed counter-clockwise to remove lint and dust . brush a felt hat with tips from a hat enthusiast in this free millinery video .
8k6V0qbQPEw the 2-5-1 note pattern on a saxophone is a popular progression in the key of g flat . play a 2-5-1 note pattern on the saxophone in the key of g flat with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
fDDWB9pnwg0 how to enjoy a new purse or handbag ; get professional tips and advice on choosing and buying fashion accessories in this free fashion video .
efFHP6pO7DE timpani mallets can be used to play cymbals to produce a crescendo sound without the beating drumstick sound . play cymbals using timpani mallets with tips from a professional drummer in this free music lesson video .
jQx-ymXhU6A watch as an expert bachelor explains ways to attract supermodels in this free online video about attracting women .
f7caKT4D51c insect repellents can come in a variety of products , including lotions and sprays . learn about the pro 's and con 's of different types of insect repellents with tips from an outdoorsman in this free insect prevention video .
fH5XOSfcoIk how to pick the type of jeans you want before buying them online ; get expert tips and advice on shopping for clothes on the internet in this free shopping video .
_KMAEfsSwSM when working out on an elliptical trainer , replace protein that 's lost during the workout in order to build lean muscle . learn more about replacing protein levels with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on elliptical trainers .
lV-dpEQIs9s how to layout and start planning a basic website from a template in this free series of web site creation clips from our experienced internet consultant .
f9PMktqjytk learn about cheerleading competitions and what to expect at them with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video clip on cheerleading competition .
fy0aQqmtZGc learn tips and advice on how to correctly do incline bench in your workout in this free weight training video clip .
fJec-IsAfoU core planks are a great exercise for building core muscles and toning the abdominals . learn how to do core planks with tips from a fitness instructor in this exercise video .
yEp-CZ6xJJQ rebounding is a basketball skill every player needs to work on . get expert tips and advice on basketball history , shooting , dunking , and drills in this free video .
fDwhXuQmc6s in this drawing , an artist will sketch a flail , which is a club with a spiked metal ball attached by a short chain . learn how to draw a flail from the middle ages in this free role playing game ( rpg ) art lesson from a professional illustrator .
Q8Jpl8Gx6ls the effects of a colon cleanse in a free health video .
um6KUCfsUC0 you do n't have to stick with one jewelry style . learn how to mix jewelry styles in this free accessories video .
Bi7U3AN0uHc gustav klimt 's `` adam and eve '' illustrates the feminine power over man . learn about this painting with tips from an art historian in this free fine art video .
tzUkGiXLoCc learn how to prepare a pan to fry orange honey glazed chicken wings in this free online video cooking lesson .
ZUOVZb_Ywwk flamenco guitar music has been revived by modern day enthusiasts . learn from an expert flamenco guitarist , the spanish song , `` impetu '' in this free instructional music video lesson .
T_w_C5AeAH0 how to choose a pair of starter cowboy boots ; get expert tips and advice on cowboy boot styles and maintenance in this free fashion video .
S0jylxsvO7k in basketball , fouling an offensive player during a jump shot from beyond the three-point arch can create a dreadful four-point scoring opportunity . learn how to effectively foul a jump shooter with tips from an experienced basketball player in this free video on basketball defense .
egjREjeA8Mw when determining the qualifications of a martial arts instructor , sit in on a class and look for an instructor that is motivating . choose a qualified martial arts instructor with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free video .
lUVwLhZ7xiw the rapid , stylized movements of continuous boxing kung fu are great practice forms ; learn the slow art of shaolin diamond fist kung fu in this free martial arts video on kung fu .
p1L1ONTJdw4 the drop and hit tennis drill is a great sport for building character and physical stamina in kids . learn a practice tip called the drop and hit drill to help develop their eye hand coordination in this free sports video clip .
hX0ripo9okE start clay wide when creating the spout for a pottery teapot . learn more about creating the spout for a pottery teapot with tips from a pottery expert in this free craft video .
qmOYanuN8-s learn the finishing touches for the criss cross pattern in this free fun fashion video from our young style expert .
fCyCF_aLlXw colored papers can sometimes fade in calligraphy . learn about different paper supplies needed for writing letters in calligraphy with this free art video from a calligrapher .
j6LxMVROzm0 tips for combining layers in video files . learn how to create a new file using adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
ecjbVPWrbw4 fashion hairstyles like simple up-dos are great for croquis illustrations . draw fashion hairstyles like a simple up-do in this free fashion croquis video with a fashion designer .
RO0j4tduNz0 learn about the quality of food you should be feeding your pigeons and what to avoid in this free animal care video .
Ptjbw6Wx4Vk when applying paint to porcelain you must paint towards yourself . learn how to paint on porcelain in this free painting video lesson .
Kht9rNVtrCk finish off handles on a ceramic herb planter by smoothing out the seems and cleaning up fingerprints . learn how to finish off ceramic handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
NXX-ae_3MtA learn how to use luck and skill to your advantage to become an expert at duplicate whist in this free video series for mastering the game of whist .
edhG6Fflhtg a step touch can be done front to the side and back . learn how to perform this move from an experienced belly dancer in this free video series .
5rzMXKd9t8w learn how to plan a window treatment for your cozy corner in your house by watching these free home decor videos from our budget interior design expert .
HVdXtNNgqoY lubing a new u joint for best performance . learn about universal joint replacement on a car 's rear axle in this free car repair video .
-aTJbQfVU7Q tips for creating melodies with the fl studio piano roll feature . learn more about creating songs in fl studio in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
eeXzI1n5I34 pilates strengthens your core muscles , and it can tone legs as well . learn how to do small pilates circles with resistance bands in this free fitness video from a pilates instructor .
PGt4UFxk3gw the tennis topspin forehand will allow you to hit the ball higher and harder . learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
-iijZ6vVXpw get free paddle surfing tips such as how to put the paddleboard in the water without damaging the board and what muscle groups paddleboarding works out .
fH-Xpf00vEs once you have your custom teeth whitening tray , learn how to fill it with whitening gel to whiten teeth in this free dental care video .
eh1HjGqz01s learn how to safely shoot different classes of fireworks in this free video on firework safety for holidays like new year 's eve , the 4th of july and beyond .
nJ5D21AER8o the basics of bow hunting include possessing the right equipment , such as bows and broad-head arrows . make sure to go to the range and check with the local division of wildlife resources before going bow hunting with advice from a professional archery shooter in this free video on archery and bow hunting .
Tl-V39RudM8 learn tips on the best way to bake challah loaves with six strands of dough in this free recipe video clip on bread baking .
h3VsNk1fN94 throw your arms straight up for the jump and run move . learn advanced hip hop funk choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
GqfVQ5Mdy_c learn about cartwheels and round offs in cheering with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading jumps and tumbling .
_Wog6dOF-0g try adding a single twist to lower back exercises when doing a swan on a roller . watch a demonstration of a swan on a roller with a single twist from a personal trainer in this free exercise video .
fI5ZE3M1rTQ tricep extensions are a great upper body arm workout and tubing or resistance bands are a great workout tool to use to increase intensity . learn how these are done and their benefits from a health and fitness expert in this free video clip .
ee0lRogRO98 learn how the latch system on child car seats works in this free video on child safety seats .
f5EGPzGSCJs diagnose your fish 's ailment by visually inspecting the fish every day for color or behavioral changes . diagnose a pet fish with tips from a pet store owner in this free video on fish care .
fCdPywA1XJY the triceps press with a cable machine can be done with rope pulleys or a bar depending on what range of motion is desired . learn more about triceps press cable machine exercises with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
0myf54_BKeA when juggling two balls with one hand , practice moving the other hand in a circle . juggle with one hand and circle the other hand with tips from a circus juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
tQ5Ys1t4NMo heavier items should be packed and moved in individual boxes . learn how to pack boxes safely with expert tips in this free moving video .
f9SX8Sg7ef4 bra straps have to fit properly to have a comfortable bra . learn how to fit bra straps in this free video on women 's lingerie .
fHtzUlnJ9r4 when massaging a child with an earache , massage the cheeks to alleviate stress and discomfort that can build in the front of the face . massage the cheeks with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
YpSwLEuBzJw the signs in sign language to describe the size of your house are easy to learn . learn more about how to sign the word for home size in american sign language with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
GlsYa0DEXc0 ski mountain runs have different difficulties and are color coded accordingly . find out how to judge the difficulty of a ski run in this free video .
6TuecuBdLFg brushes , paper towels , paints and a water container are examples of supplies used when watercolor painting a house and church . learn more about watercolor painting supplies from a professional artist in this free painting video .
f2FkMKnqbXA when cutting bold sexy bangs , make sure not to cut the hair too short and always cut underneath the fingers . cut bold sexy bangs with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
DtM9Ukpofpk adding three fences or bounces to a gymnastic line increases the exercise given to the horse and makes the line more stimulating . learn to jump your horse over a gymnastic line with three fences in this free horse riding video .
o5uxFk_mFO4 the easiest way to tell if a car 's thermostat is faulty is by looking out for a car overheating or giving off no heat . find out how a car thermostat works with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repair and diagnostics .
GDUxtkCe5uA watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to use nitrite in fish tank cycling in this free online video about exotic pets .
NQymoXFgAdY paint a window frame using semi-gloss or gloss paint , tape and painter 's caulk . learn how to paint a window frame using the home repair tips in this free video .
MetwaOck6eE learn about making the permanent shelf to attach to a bookcase from a carpentry expert in this free woodworking video .
bFgcbKKI_Vs make sure clothing fabric will hold the glue ; learn to embellish t-shirts and clothing with rhinestones , plastic jewels and gems , in this free video .
KVM7I_c78DI improve your sign language vocabulary get instructions for the signs for anxious and nervous . learn more about how to sign the words for anxious and nervous in american sign language with tips from deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
tD214VXOD20 for tattoo transfers , special thermographic paper , scissors , a pen and a mechanical pencil will suffice . watch a tattoo artist make a thermographic transfer in this free tattoo video .
Js6rLdxmKF0 the tensionless hitch is a great way to attach objects without damaging the rope . learn to tie a fireman 's tensionless hitch knot in this free firefighting video from a fire captain .
Hyxn4tl_fdQ watercolor painting techniques such as painting from a picture slide ensure that the watercolor artist paints from the most vibrant colors . get free watercolor painting instruction for painting from a picture slide in this video watercolor lesson .
f4apjMqEh1Q chipotle tortilla chips are a great smoky variety of tortill chips . learn more about chipotle tortilla chips from a tortilla chip factory with expert tips in this free video on making tortilla chips .
grR8kJlpJ_4 adding white wine will bring out flavor in a sauteed rosemary shrimp recipe . learn to add white wine with tips from a professional chef in this free video about easy shrimp recipes .
f6krb_Kez5o steaming the skin for a vitamin c facial opens the pores and maximizes the treatment benefits . learn how to steam the skin with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
iO8UqK9N248 this organ bass line is upbeat . learn how to play a variety of organ bass lines in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
wrCWhHagjoY learn how to talk about your occupation in japanese ! learn practical japanese in this free video series on questions and your occupation .
v9Q6rNdt9Aw serving at targets on the net is great practice for tennis serve control . learn some advanced serving techniques to improve your tennis game with this free video lesson .
PNNXq1wEhZ4 to remotely retrieve answering machine messages , call the phone number , then press the pound key and enter the access code . retrieve voicemail messages , forward them or delete them with the tips in this free video on telephone technology from a call center supervisor and trainer .
XNltUCu4LQ8 when hiking in nature , dress carefully , keeping in mind terrain and weather . learn to dress for hiking from an experienced trail guide in this free hiking video .
R8pWyB87SK0 learn how to fire the clay when making terracotta murals in this free ceramic art video lesson .
jTIM4ogVllo three elements help with the tone of the bowels : sodium , potassium and magnesium . learn about the quality of body elimination tone from a professional speaker and educator in this free health video .
f8rOtjjO51U how to use the tools and products needed for applying makeup like the singer christina aguilera ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
lDyY_f-RiF4 vines and flowers in calligraphy are another element used in decoration . learn what it is and how it is done from a calligraphy expert in this free video clip .
1WRmGcKQJxM you should stretch before beginning any martial arts exercise . learn how to stretch from our muay thai expert in this free video clip .
DWyMjBCpV2k learn to boil oil and food coloring for play-doh ingredients in this free arts and crafts video taught by a children 's crafts expert .
fC8nz_KL1PM drill press safety covers a few rules of using drill presses responsibly , including securing bits firmly , keeping hair and sleeves away from the drill , and clamping down wood securely . operate a drill press safely with instructions from an experienced builder in this free video on carpentry tools .
fGjSUhSvZ_0 play the sequence in cubase to hear the metronome while laying a drum track to prep instruments . learn to prep instruments for midi sequencing in the cubase daw from an audio engineer in this free cubase tutorial video .
oh_vkzo5C3Q bouldering , or climbing fairly close to the ground without ropes , is becoming increasingly popular among rock climbers . get an overview of bouldering in this free rock climbing lesson on video .
WMcIyq-ULSU paper trays , plastic drawers , paper crates and filing cabinets can all be used to keep your scrap booking paper organized . learn more about creating , organizing and preserving your scrapbooks in this free video series .
ewc-AJp_Kcc the champion fold will keep that sports jersey looking its best . learn how to fold a sports jersey in this free clothing care video .
RUr6CvuzVKk the extended puppy pose is a great yoga pose for insomnia treatment . learn how to do the extended puppy yoga pose in this free video on yoga for insomnia .
KUVvGAIPQXI learn how to fry potatoes to make duck fat french fries with expert cooking tips in this free gourmet recipe video clip .
Kzdexr-qC28 training a dog to pull a cart begins by getting the dog comfortable wearing a sturdy , cushioned harness that does n't put pressure on the neck or back . start training a dog with a light cart using instructions from a professional dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
Vyu45lvhuVY watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to install the side wheels of a polaris 180 pool cleaner in this free online video about home pool maintenance .
v1yNzXi1vC4 learn scoring basics in roller derby from a roller derby expert in this free instructional video .
6VWbLqwGztM even though the tip is two notes very , very fast , it kind of sounds like one . learn beginner dj scratches , like the tip , from a professional musician and music teacher in this free hip hop video .
An0HaFX7G5g choosing a digital camera can be hard with so many models and brands and features to choose from . learn all about digital cameras brands in this free photography video .
nrXjysvInwM roll the body farther out to do intermediate ab roller exercises . tone the obliques using ab rollers with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free workout video .
Vh4Voj08IMc learn how to do the basic ladies step for dancing the waltz in this free instructional dance video .
f3uF_EuCnxQ how to comb hair for curly hairstyles ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
f6rSeB4glE8 using the minus sign in a google search is easy with these tips , get expert computer search engine and internet website advice in this free video .
ImtTZm7XJn8 the median salary for veterinarians across the country is $ 60,000 a year . learn about veterinarian salaries with tips from a practicing veterinarian in this free careers video .
YnaZrAJWDk0 for solo violin performances it is important to know how to tune a violin by yourself . learn more about solo violin performances with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
rFfa9SB2hTk learn how to close and finish off the plot of a play with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
OKTR6ciQTwg if you have adopted a newborn orphan kitten , learn how to hand feed and stimulate bowl movements in kittens with this free pet care video clip from a practicing veterinarian .
TmWbKuNFNS0 benjamin willard was an early american clockmaker who signed and numbered each clock he built . learn about benjamin willard from a clock repairman and collector in this free video on antique collecting .
53JSYvCLVz8 jack nicklaus ' downswing matches his backswing exactly and the golf ball goes very high . watch this free video clip and learn some great tips on how to swing like one of the greatest golfers in history , jack nicklaus .
h_LQo-4I0Gs when drawing comic strips , start by getting a ruler and creating panels for the comic strip to play out in . sketch comic strips with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
ey9gEfWBCKo teleprompting can be very stressful and is not for everyone . discover the realities of the teleprompting business from a teleprompter service specialist in this free video on broadcasting and entertainment .
zo5kDWO98D8 an expert cpa teaches the purpose of the w-4 tax form and how it should be filled out , in this free tax form video on explaining the w-4 tax form .
iNOVMFryztM learn to write chinese characters today ! master chinese calligraphy with this free video on drawing the very large numbers .
Q73DAxtxMOs massage therapy can be performed to relieve the symptoms of elbow tendinitis . discover massage techniques to treat tendinitis with help from a massage therapist in this free video on elbow tendinitis massage .
w7N8VjSS5yE firefighters commonly hoist tools up a rope . learn how an axe is tied onto ropes in this free firefighting video from a fire captain .
6pPaRLk_rFI learn step two in stomp dance in this free video dance lesson . get free dance lessons online for doing the stomp dance .
4-eCItocsOI how to garnish a cornish hen dinner recipe ; tips , trick and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
JLoom3OUEjM dragging color in your glass blowing project adds a nice artistic touch and adds movement to your piece ; tips , tricks and techniques for creating your own blown glass pieces in this free online art lesson on video taught by expert glass artisan tom wright .
ef51HyXDnVw learn how to prepare the limbs for a hot stone massage with expert massage tips in this free relaxation and muscle therapy video clip .
R4V9pJvCbR8 dress for success by checking all angles of an outfit in a body mirror to make sure your clothes drape properly and are well-tailored . make a good first impression by wearing clothes that are designed to fit your body type with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
PVJV0EQVGyQ learn about moving up the neck as you learn how to fingerpick the blues on the guitar , from a professional guitar player in this free video music lesson .
zgIPU3D8lh8 a mixture of half vinegar and half water , or chili powder , can be used to naturally get rid of ants when sprayed around doorways and windows on both the inside and outside . get rid of ants naturally with tips from an exterminator , such as dumping boiling water on the ants ' nest , in this free video on pest control .
itQTX4r994E loosen up in a boxing gym with stationary bikes . learn about equipment requirements for a boxing gym in this free video on training for boxers .
94YJxr2RS8E acupuncture for ear point stabilizes the dopamine level . learn about how acupuncture for ear point helps brain chemical balance with tips from a traditional chinese medicine practitioner in this free acupuncture video .
GSx_C8A3iWY learn about hormonal replacement therapy for menopause in this free medical video .
SfB7Cklb7VY hooking up a plasma tv requires a stand to support the weight of the tv and the right cables . connect a plasma television with tips from an audio/video technician in this free video on home electronics .
gIatfLoLbJo learn the meaning of the changling titan green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free rpg game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
ftBwiuXCROc get bathroom paint removal and clean up tips in this free diy bathroom repair and home improvement video .
f1MTu5FIIUk canvas giclees are higher quality than paper giclees . find out the benefits of canvas giclees with expertise from a professional artist in this free giclee video clip .
_gwRhmUQcpk curling irons work through resistance of metal inside the barrel , which slowly increases and decreases temperature according to the temperature gauge . understand how a curling iron works to curl hair with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
TAKi-BN1YBA learn how to quickly prepare vegetables to make lentil soup in this free vegetarian video on making your own lentil soup recipe .
fyljLH1MXBY condensed warm and cool colors in a painting can replace using black . learn how to avoid using black paint with tips from a professional artist in this free painting video .
yEtLkm7Vs_I a turned trench collar design takes the traditional trench collar and turns it into one smooth line . learn to draw turned trench collar designs with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
RdHY169yfbQ the folkloric version of the egyptian walk adds a bit of a twist and a little up and down hip movement . learn how to do a folkloric version of the egyptian walk in this free belly dancing video from a belly dancer .
5b-0gU9-gRU learn how to correctly and quickly read a pre-bend on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tabs in no time .
FFFMR_ISJzw work the lower back , hamstrings and knees with plies . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with a first position plie exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
mn8XOpn_TY8 learn what situations provide the best time to use a dime defense in football from a professional football coach in this free sports video .
fCV6e3JZM4Y drawing graffiti names is a form of artistic expression that involves using a variety of colors . draw graffiti names with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
w1tFacdvM1k chipping drills are great golf drills to utilize when teaching kids the basics of golf . learn more about teaching kids how to chip from a professional golf instructor in this free golf video .
fuxNMiOATlQ the thrust in saber fencing can be a powerful and quick attack leaving you with the victory . learn more about thrusting from our fencing expert in this free video .
twwpp3kAktQ when remodeling a kitchen , be prepared to work for a longer period of time than was originally planned . isolate a kitchen by hanging plastic with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
T3ZD_HeX88U get your potter 's wheel ready ! learn about pettery glazes with expert tips and advice on pottery in this free video .
nLMzu8LjHiU get to know the mountain before snowboarding with a lot of skiers . get snowboarding tips for getting to know the mountain from a sponsored snowboarder in this free video on snowboarding .
UAXgf834rW0 turning picture into graphics for your logo design is a fun and easy way to design a great logo , get a lesson in graphic design in this free video .
rTuA4rRe6O4 waxing and tweezing are two options to remove unwanted facial hair on women . learn about the pro 's and con 's of both waxing and tweezing with tips from a stylist in this free video on beauty care products .
k9NC0dXzs5k practice deception , frontcourt play and touch shots in squash . learn how to practice the half-court diagonal game from the backhand side in this free video on squash drills .
pa12MImVuts the breathalyzer is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
f0KsVS2cXwg get rid of old record sleeves if they are worn or dirty . learn more ways to extend the life of your records in this free record maintenance lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
ixtrUdy0TW8 picking the right cake pans is the first step for stunning birthday cakes . learn how to select pans for a princess cake in this free video clip about how to decorate a princess birthday cake .
iiL9b6Zd2Vc learn how to cut the arms when making a monkey sock puppet with expert crafting tips in this free video clip on arts and crafts for children .
iK3vVgvEp2w moving one musical note up three frets on the neck of the guitar will produce a minor third interval . learn more about minor third intervals and guitar from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
VIDmdixhgXw learn how to supply power to a post-production video home studio with expert tips and advice on film making , studios , movies , and video post-production in this free online video clip .
f_btEqeoJtw the legs up the wall yoga exercise is a great exercise for pregnant women to stay active and healthy throughout their first trimester . stay a healthy pregnant woman with yoga poses and exercise tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video .
NX-kkC5_pIY how to add the dry ingredients for making german chocolate cake ; get expert tips on making traditional french dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
snoychWrMzs every puppy should have dog tags ! learn how to paint dog tags on your pet portrait in this free painting video clip about how to make your own pet portrait .
CbXWn9sOamE improve your knitting patterns and skills by learning how to knit backwards in this free knitting video .
ftQ0Mlrokwk for violin finger vibrato exercises it is important that you fingers not be too stiff . learn more about finger vibrato exercises for violin with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
f1VgxDeBGpc in order to do horizontal hops in crystal stick juggling , the juggler should be good at doing horizontal circles . work on horizontal hops when juggling crystal sticks with tips from a juggler in this free video on juggling for beginners .
ezpjShoR1-U how to know what foods are best served with champagne ; learn more about champagne and sparkling wine in this free instructional video .
uSCFz2O5EnI before conducting a bike tour , check the mechanics of the bike to make sure everything is functioning properly . test bike gear effectively with tips from a bike tour guide in this free biking video .
rfBAeciz-fo learn about the importance of getting your mind ready and being prepared mentally in barrel racing in this free instructional video on horse riding and rodeo barrel racing .
Ndq_UeiOjKo in drumming , rock beats with the bass drum played on beats one and two form a great basis for adding strokes on offbeats . play bass drum on the two , three and four offbeats with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on percussion instruments .
tq-pQJKsE34 cooking with kids can be dangerous ! get safety tips for cooking with toddlers in this free video clip about easy kid recipes .
QGroDiUv9hw a router is a convenient power tool for cutting slots in a box joint jig . see how to set up a router for half inch cuts in this free woodworking video .
sZXc8YcWCbA letters indicate creative functions on main camera dial . learn about creative zone features for the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
MRpcqYzOA8U learn tips for making pasta christmas garlands with kids using expert holiday craft tips in this free video on christmas decorations .
JvTwcl37n7U in poi spinning , swinging two poi backward in a circular pattern is a great practicing exercise . swing both poi backward with tips from a fire performer in this free video on fire entertainment .
LnJepwVKfsc learn how to backside 180 on a snowboard on a terrain from our expert in this free extreme sports video on doing snowboard tricks at the park .
exrcwIWV0xg if you 're under extreme pressure , you do n't have time to really do anything except step and react . learn how to use the `` t '' in squash to improve your game in this free sports video series from a professional instructor .
S9sWIUg1N0Q when painting a windmill with watercolor , supplies include fine tipped paint brushes and specific colors . learn the tools you need to start watercolor painting with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
_-nTT_P3RdA in yoga , perform the warrior one and warrior two pose to improve balance and strengthen the leg muscles . practice the warrior one and warrior two pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga exercises .
Hfnyev-yL40 how to know what types of oil to use and how to heat it when frying german wienerschnitzel ; learn more about traditional german food in this free cooking video .
_iUGpxBT4Zs moving hand and joints smoothly is a fundamental technique in burmese dancing . learn to move hand and joints together in the free dance lesson video from a professional burmese dancer .
0bqOOJ6eXoI drawing a cartoon woman using basic shapes and how to add realistic detail to your cartoon ; learn tips , ticks and more for creating realistic cartoon drawings in this free online art lesson about cartoons taught by expert matt moskal .
f1TMEQbc7WY an antiques expert explains what iron stone is and its history in this free video series about antiques .
kr63ABvgsa8 learn how to set up the monitor on a rowing machine for different types of exercises in this free exercise video on using a rowing machine for health and fitness training .
fvB8QV2zcdo getting through a breakup involves filling the void ; so , keep as busy as possible . get through a breakup with tips from a relationship specialist in this free video about advice for ending relationships .
K0ol9ZUB6iA begin yoga 's hand to toe pose by lengthening the spine , then inhale and lift the leg up . learn the yoga hand to toe pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
pTyjA5nUIkY learn how to avoid forced gestures while public speaking with expert public oration tips in this free online public speaking video clip .
h8yFlNScCIQ a toothache before a dentist 's appointment can be treated with oral numbing gels or pain relievers . ease a toothache before a dentist appointment with tips from a licensed dental assistant in this free video series on dental health and oral hygiene .
dD3BCEXosCk trotting your horse through a gymnastic line with raised jumps ramps up the exercise value of the bounces . learn to jump your horse safely over a gymnastic line in this free horse riding video .
TITusrfkjWQ to spot a leo , watch for someone who is the spotlight in a room , who has great confidence and who enjoys being the center of attention . notice a leo 's regal presence with tips from an experienced astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
joTYn6y_et0 learn how to define the lines for your woodcarving project in this free woodworking tips video from our expert wood carver .
tn8sb3RXsnc tips on playing common blues heads on the flute in the key of b flat from a professional flutist in this free music lesson video about musical instruments and music theory .
rtm-yrG4Yn0 learn how to find out what you do well and use this information to benefit your health club management by seeing what works and what does n't , monitoring attendance , and deciding what stays with expert health club management advice in this free online management video clip .
SnRcboxXJWM learning the intro of blink 182 's `` adam 's song '' on guitar is easy with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
f9sldTWBAEI how to identify all the parts of a guitar to properly restring it ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
fDfO66vffB0 a sixteenth note high hat triplet beat involves a number of triplet hit in every measure . begin playing basic but important high hat drum beats with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on high hat accents .
gir9lpI8sKI when performing music , conveying emotions and feelings is very important to help draw in the audience . identify the feeling of a song before performing it to help convey the emotion of the song , by using tips from an experienced performer in this free video on stage presence .
bFWZR_8jWDs to tone the calf muscles , rotate between the three position exercises every time you 're at the gym . tone calf muscles with tips from a fitness specialist in this free video on toning and building muscle .
opMIb5ybWrE learn how to split cards in blackjack from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
JQz1ZlR9Ge0 the siren method of singing can help your singing voice , get expert advice on proper singing techniques and music lessons in this free video .
FM_exDPteNo stretch the back of the upper body with side bends . use stretching and bending exercises from zen yoga to raise metabolism and generate energy circulation with tips from the founder of zen yoga .
hCQo0-p0pHk learn how to choose the right workman 's gloves for you in this free educational video series..
AQhrMT48fR8 editing music in sony vegas is an important part of the video editing process , get a software tutorial in this free video .
ruFmoCa30Q4 the first model pose to learn is a simple pose with feet crossed , hips turned slightly , and thumbnails forward . learn the first position pose of fashion magazine models in this free modeling video .
ft-IJ3_uXMw learn how to picture yourself being successful in maintaining a healthy diet to help stay on track with expert tips from a registered dietician in this free online healthy diet video clip .
kq85-Odegbw learn how to play a four stroke roll on the drums in this free video music lesson .
plszOzrIoLs playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
mcIYj2Uq0pA when framing an oil painting , make sure the glass does not touch the surface of the paint or do not use glass at all . frame an oil painting with tips from an artist in this free video on painting .
LYKmpS0lpcs yoga is a great ancient practice that can be useful for opening the chest and hips . learn a few yoga poses and posture to help open up your chest and hips from a professional yoga instructor in this free exercise video .
a7SdeJMK3xw payne 's gray in thin amounts cast a shadow onto the water . learn how to watercolor paint a darkening foreground with tips from a an art teacher in this free painting video .
eyaQwLr0WyU learn makeup tips on adding light brown base paint to the face for mummy halloween makeup in this free costume video .
njD_1aAMLhE learn about the history of handbags and where they came from in this free handbag video lesson .
sxXc57k4Ydg learn the ladies swivel move steps in tango dancing in this free online instructional dance video .
wMClYzTiO8Q how the assemble the pita pockets for falafel with yogurt dressing ; learn more about traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
lPZe9rzo6TY learn about the importance of upper body cross fitness exercises that will keep you healthy in this free fitness video series on upper body cross training exercises .
f4ZzqSFcF2M assembling a photo wallet requires pulling all the scored lines together . learn how to assemble a photo wallet in this free video .
FXK87vaUPpI hunters are a character class in `` world of warcraft '' . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
fIh00GdYq4M add summer flair to wax paper wrapped gifts . learn how to add a strawberry tie-on in this free gift wrapping video .
u1P5RW3gZFk great to accent music in belly dancing . learn drills to improve your belly dancing routine in this free belly dance lesson from a professional belly dancing performer and instructor .
IdT98i1YNEk learn the hip drop kick belly dancing move in this free video lesson with expert instruction .
I-OIYI0Sl-Q strikes can get you away from an attacker . learn how to strike someone who grabs you from the front in this free self defense video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
rUkLhB440xg training an attack dog should be done under professional supervision with someone that knows the dog breed . find out more about training an attack dog with tips from an experienced dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
kTQ-UzrApYg to choose the best makeup for black skin tones , take several shades and swipe them along the jawline . find the best makeup for black skin tones with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on easy makeup tips .
fxIoWLKHOuo want some makeup tricks ? learn how to apply white eyeliner for dramatic eye makeup in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
TUC6PDQas9Y preppy make-up is not applied heavily and focuses more on a natural look . learn about various punk trends from a fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
w5oHZEmDy1A before going on a backpacking or camping trip , it 's best to practice setting up a tent at home . pitch a tent in a flat , comfortable area with tips from a backpacking guide in this free video on camping and hiking .
wFLsjtqiGhE the training heart rate , or target heart rate , can be calculated with a formula and used to make exercise routines more effective . calculate and use training heart rate with tips from a certified fitness trainer in this free video on health and fitness .
vIhsGdr1Sfc the dangers of piercing a belly button include it getting caught on clothing , getting irritated with everyday body movement and getting infected with sweat or other contaminants . beware the dangers of navel piercings , which take longer to heal than most piercings , with tips from a licensed piercer in this free video on body modification .
q3Q23gbwaxI sometimes the bottom ring on djembe drums is just a rope doubled around . discover ways to do djembe drum bottom rings with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djembe drums repairs .
ezckGZ9blnA learn how to cook rice for arroz con gandules , an authentic puerto rican meal , with expert cooking tips in this free puerto rican cuisine video clip .
f4vnjl3ZR_A balance in two-dimensional design is chosen based on the desired idea and mood . choose a type of design balance with tips from an artist in this free design video .
f4vzxdsLs4g remove stains from tile grout with vinegar , an acid-based cleaner or another kind of solvent . learn how to remove stains from tile grout using the home repair tips in this free video .
evvgqqYORFk work your lower back , legs , and core with wall squats . learn how to do wall squats with stability balls in this free exercise video from a certified pilates instructor .
N5QO5XE5wko learn with an expert demonstration from our chef how to eggwash bread dough when baking in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
ePs5qbeovII brushes are one good way to apply pottery glaze to a piece of pottery . learn more about working with pottery glaze brushes with expert tips from a ceramics artist in this free pottery video .
al9nfuAIe38 the finger roll in basketball adds some flair to the normal layup . discover the beauty of the finger roll with tips from a former semi-professional basketball player in this free video on basketball fundamentals .
OM7yoCWzQXs one common crochet mistake is to not crochet the last stitch in a row . avoid common crochet mistakes with tips from a knitting teacher in this free video on crocheting basics .
f2iO9YAYl3A in youth basketball , a good defense will prevent easy baskets for the post player on offense . deny a youth basketball post player the chance to get the ball using the coaching tips in this free video lesson on youth basketball from an experienced coach .
ees9Z1Cq05g learn how to do basic bachata dance steps with expert latin bachata dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
IQhQoH_6Ro8 when building a telegraph , the final connection should make the light bulb light up in conjunction with the morse code . make the final connection when building a telegraph with tips from a science teacher in this free video on building a telegraph .
twqhtINc1nE if a public speaker is bored with a topic , the audience tends to mirror the speaker 's emotions . avoid communicating boredom with the topic in successful public speaking with tips from an award-winning speaker in this free communication video .
iRPmyP2KMmg learn advanced training methods for jeet kune do in this free martial arts training video .
dXjhWsJbdI0 how to decorate a flower pot out of tissue paper , step-by-step instructions ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert courtney hester .
nMj44vUk2EA replace a door that is swollen , warped or broken by first unscrewing the door hinges . learn how to replace a door using the home repair tips in this free video .
ianofZwOUdU yoga chaturanga poses can cause stress to the shoulders . find out the proper way to do chaturanga poses with expert tips from a yoga instructor in this free video about basic yoga positions .
wDw4uydiIk8 matisse and other famous abstract artists tried out compositions with scraps of paper . have fun making an abstract painting using the techniques in this free art lesson from an art instructor .
HcXTE9nwihA lighting and heating are very important for crested geckos , which are tropical animals . learn how to properly light and heat the crested gecko habitat in this free pet care video .
f0tGaiCizOQ the half lotus pose , in yoga , is an excellent way to increase flexibility and open the hips . learn to perform the half lotus pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free exercise video .
r28hzMue-24 a freeride snowboard has a semi-directional shape and design elements for rising above powder on the ski slope . find out more about freeride snowboards with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free winter sports video .
pGU2QN10HnE learn how to do front to back partner bachata dance steps with expert latin bachata dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
GG-7UQEFWwg improv guitar soloing can seem much harder than it really is . here is a video to offer some tips on how to be a better soul guitar player .
f0tl_gBDgEg use picture fasteners that you can open and close easily . learn tips for attaching fasteners to a personalized picture frame in this free home crafts video on making a great gift for friends and family .
5Ut8uVahbuY create beautiful flowers with face paints . learn how to add a light blue to a white flower in this free video clip about face painting ideas and tips .
f6FXcAI3C-4 growing plants in a hoop house is space saving since there are several vertical levels of plants as well as ground rows . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
wSohpJkbg80 professional tattoo guns are made so that the needle stays straight and the depth can be adjusted . discover the differences between professional and homemade tattoo guns with tips from an experienced tattoo artist in this free video on tattoo equipment .
si-lxDlT2xs you must rinse and deflate a kiteboarding kite before putting it in storage . get expert tips and advice on kiteboarding equipment , conditions , and precautions in this free video .
l43PWssGXJU use proper mouthpiece pressure when playing french horn ; learn how with tips from our expert french horn player in this free orchestra video music lesson on french horns .
UZcrwzMr4JQ cleaning bathroom windows takes attention to detail to remove every bit of dirt and dust . clean the entire bathroom window with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
Jrfx3ZxSckM in martial arts warrior training , walking squats work the quadriceps and hamstrings . practice walking squats in warrior training with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on training techniques .
_7smSe40T4U loving yourself first is an important first step towards building a healthy and honest relationship with a significant other . learn to love yourself by using self-hypnosis and positive thought to convince yourself that you have self-worth with tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on love and relationship dating techniques .
jy2EqmU1jZY skateboards wheels come in a variety of sizes and hardness . learn how to choose the right wheels for your skateboard in this free skateboard parts and maintenance video guide .
gEA3qjf-3DM in three-club juggling , adding the second club requires that the throws be the same height every time . throw two clubs when learning to juggle three clubs with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video series on hobbies .
W04BFzoWgRA massage chair therapy is a portable form of massage that has evolved into a more comfortable form for therapists and clients . learn the history of the massage chair from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
kK9d7BBm-rU looking for makeup tips for the evening ? get some ideas for eye makeup and lip color for the night in this free makeup video from a television makeup artist .
icQ67Xp27YI the e major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the first mode called the dorian mode from an expert violinist in this free video clip .
_o-SDenKDw4 dating a military man requires commitment and the understanding that the person may be away for long periods of time . discover what it takes to date a military man with tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on relationship advice .
T34AuYgFuLA learn how to draw simple objects and shapes , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
tVZUwMmXp_w how to use morpheus ; learn more about music downloading software in this free instructional video .
Xrz6CiHGjB4 to become a neurosurgeon , complete medical school and a neurosurgery residency program that can take anywhere from six to eight additional years . find out how to become a neurosurgeon with tips from a medical administrator in this free video on career information .
CDXUxwPjP18 americans do n't appreciate hockey and soccer enough . wrestling and tennis are n't high on their list of favorites , either . learn how to do sign language related to sports and recreation in this free education video .
5MrHn2JeG3o learn combo moves jazz funk style in this free dancing workout video .
whmg-onE7e0 when doing functional training biceps curls , remember that no muscle works in an isolated position . learn about proper biceps curl techniques in functional training from a fitness trainer in this free functional training video .
qk8MqNGnyvc wait for the double team . learn how to play on the bottom opposite the ball side of a zone defense in this free youth basketball lesson from an experienced head coach .
tnD9qzsbXrU interested in teeth whitening ? learn more about what part of the tooth enamel is whitened with tips from a dentist in this free oral health video .
O2m_SoJIwG0 the ukulele b major chord is made up of the first , third and fifth notes of a major scale . learn the b major chord on the ukulele from a professional musician in this free video .
JT0o6E3iT1I contact family and friends that volunteered to help the day before moving . learn other reasons to contact people the day before a move with expert tips in this free moving video .
b0wl0eUBIzQ solfege is the verbal naming of each note as it is sung . learn what these names are and what the purpose is for solfege from an expert musician in this free video clip .
LCKGsogfEAk tips for getting the saw cut that you want ! learn how to adjust depth and angle of table saw blade in this free woodworking series from an expert furniture maker .
vCGzq6v_Z1A when digging a flower bed , remove the grass with a shovel and put compost in its place . dig out a flower bed in soft ground with tips from an experienced gardener in this free video on planting flowers and gardening .
f0t4CwyGffk adding more crinkle to a crocheted scrunchie requires a new stitch pattern . learn how to add more crinkle with tips from an experienced artisan in this free crochet video .
DskoBcGK5Vw great for boating and camping ! learn how to tie cow hitch in this free knot-tying instructional video for camping and outdoor recreation .
aJwEOj8b3UQ practice kung fu stretches like the side leg push ; learn kung fu moves taught at real shaolin temples in this free martial arts video series .
Oj4beiqop34 to be a great violinist you need more than just scales . here is a free video clip on the 8th degree of an e minor violin scale .
5rDh5B-oOwk learn the proper preparations for your woodcarving project in this free woodworking tips video from our expert wood carver .
L_tLzuwue4Q haircuts for thick curly hair look best when left very long or very short , and texture should only be added at the ends of the hair instead of near the root . get the right curly haircut with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
YKEuTylKkGA how to slice your peppers into matchstick-like pieces and remove the seeds for your hawaiian pork dish ; tips , tricks and cooking suggestions in this free online cooking video on ethnic food taught by an expert chef .
Q00RklOkkSE learn how to execute a one two punch low kick kyokushin karate combination in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
UUQb-AGMxKk squirt is the tendency of the cue ball to go off the aiming line when hit with english on a forceful stroke . get expert tips and advice on billiards tables and pool cues in this free video series .
GFuvZvI_-B0 resetting the finger joint is the first thing to do when helping a victim with a dislocated finger joint . be prepared for emergency situations such as this with tips and advice from a 30-year emergency veteran in this free video on treatments .
4T5fB5dIU3E tips for portrait photography and head shots ; learn techniques and pro tips for great photographs in this free video on shooting different styles of photography .
yJ-aWtl53Yg teaching a dog to swim should be a positive experience for everyone . teach a dog to swim with tips from a dog trainer in this free video about pet behavior .
QwYdwp5JFSU learn how to safely operate power tools in this free educational video series .
UM8gnjwVYNQ when trying to dump the queen of spades , go low or high when spades lead . learn how to play hearts in this free card game video .
kCfA2eHBRAs learn about the importance of personal entertainment as a traveling musician in this free video clip on touring bands .
fHLl43ZWVUg learn from our expert how to hang a picture that has two hangers in this free interior design video on techniques and tips for hanging pictures .
8czzaYEub1E tape down a vinyl stencil to glass when etching , so stencil does not move around . attach a stencil to a glass etching project with the tips in this free video on how to etch glass from a crafts expert .
Yt3jl5aOYqU learn how to apply orange paint to airbrush a wood grain finish effect on a car in this free instructional art video .
fIWbtL5MPKs ayurvedic medicine can be very helpful for migraine relief . learn tips for using ayurvedic medicine with expert tips on headache relief in this free video .
ezl1KM7tdkQ geraniums love sun , hate frost , and need lots of water . learn more about caring for geraniums in this free landscaping video about how to grow geraniums .
ezeBm50drNI get some grip strengtheners for your gym . learn what equipment you need for training in a boxing gym in this free video on gear and supplies for boxers .
x9ZBftgC1-Y african dancing has dozens of steps and moves that all mean something . learn tips on the purpose of this type of dance from an experienced african dance expert in this free video .
QtOGU4IX1ng for the charleston dance , side-by-side stomp for leaders has a move forward on four and a low stance . do the side-by-side stomp for leaders for the charleston with tips from two dance instructors in this free video on dancing .
KEx_DYxjlqU learn about making right turns in planes in this free how to fly video .
fDYZaAm28a0 learn how to make pasta christmas garlands with kids using expert holiday craft tips in this free video on christmas decorations .
oGZ3c2ILyNA improve your bo staff techniques by learning how to do the around the leg move in this free martial arts video .
S-CV7z9a5LU learn how to make a memorable entrance into a broadway audition with expert performance tips in this free online broadway related video clip .
f2yDAQXw4-o the aikido technique kotegaeshi is a good move from which to execute a pin move . learn how to pin an opponent from kotegaeshi in this free video .
t_p-HaQ9HLU fight multiple opponents with combat jujitsu techniques . learn to fight multiple opponents with combat jujitsu techniques in this free video on jujitsu techniques .
dLKkOcLRuPg learn how to attach the two walls of double-walled pot on the potter 's wheel in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
wjDhDBVbU4g how to use pins to secure a wig ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for buying and wearing wigs in this free beauty video .
UP2BjEqVG04 learn how to combine high and low throws when juggling in this free video series that teaches you the proper techniques for learning how to juggle .
exmbwktwuLs watch a seasoned professional discuss window-washing buckets in this free online video about home care .
R7VvsHj6JCs learn how to do the shomen uchi-shiho nage japanese aikido technique in this free advanced martial arts video .
efND9IcUIzA learn how to tune your drone in this free video series that will show you everything you need to know about playing the bagpipe .
f4_8iPkfa3E the inner thigh pose in yoga is a very relaxing yoga pose for releasing the shoulders . learn how to do the inner thigh yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
qWizymst58M in drumming , moving around the kit , is a matter of turning the body . move around a drum kit with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
eiX0B5FHnoQ steps you need to take to properly cool the wort for your russian stout beer ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about brewing beer taught by an expert brewer .
pfPrXTmoQIc repeating sounds or small words can help warm up the tongue and mouth for public speaking . learn speech prep from a professional communicator in this free public speaking video .
fDJvDPKosmg how to finish installing the drainage system or a raised garden bed ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
pesXdYI9mH0 flatten out the bottom after a hole has been made in the bottom . learn more about cleaning pottery clay bottoms and sidewalls with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
JDYbDM450n4 become a musician by getting a music teacher , determining what instrument to play and performing at open mic nights in order to meet other musicians . listen to a lot of music and pay attention to the individual roles of each band member in order to get ideas as a musician with help from a professional musician and actress in this free video on music .
wC_nDfSpxXo learn how to switch ollie on a ramp from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
88vjrRNLXGM can discard your hand and draw another when morphing jar card is played . learn tips for playing the morphing jar dark world yu-gi-oh card in this free yu-gi-oh lesson from a strategy and rpg game teacher
ex3ccXZy1bc flip the jacket sleeve out during alterations when measuring and marking the lining . measure and mark a jacket sleeve lining correctly with tips from an experienced seamstress in this free video on alterations .
PsE_SgsNlj8 for the straight fringe trim , make sure not to pull the loops too taut . tie off the first bead grouping for straight fringe trim with tips from a crafts enthusiast and teacher in this free video on arts and crafts .
j110CaZAH7M brushes , oils , and moisturizers are good ways to help your skin between spa treatments . learn how to maintain spa body wrap results from a licensed esthetician in this free skin care video .
jNIcyusxK7c build endurance and precision in three-quarter down belly dancing by practicing and drilling . learn how to do drills for belly dancing three-quarter down shimmies in this free dance video from a belly dancing director .
5kRPWFASm4E a tui na massage incorporates an ancient chinese method of touch therapy , utilizing massage , acupressure and musculo-skeletal manipulation to target energy meridian lines and specific pain sites . discover the process of a tui na massage , which improves overall health , with advice from a licensed massage therapist in this free video on massage .
nEE11edjzcQ kiteboarding kite must be folded and wrapped up in a certain way to avoid damaging or tangling the kite . get expert tips and advice on kiteboarding equipment , conditions , and precautions in this free video .
mrNRFlVDZLA learn how to cut paper to prepare to decoupage a box in this free craft video clip .
u1jCBjcB1co conditioning curly hair will prevent a hairstyle from frizzing . find out how to condition curly hair with expert tips from a hairstylist in this free video about curly hairstyles .
lPy9MiaPIG8 the bottom bai move in senegalese sabar dancing is side-to-side step with three different arm variations . practice an accompanying movement with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video series on dancing .
n7S9usflktE holding the microphone correctly enable you to get the right sounds when beatboxing . learn how to hold the microphone while beatboxing in this free music video .
muqRqIXnNfA the right background can add interest and depth to a figure painting and our expert is here to show you how in this free video art lesson on painting the human body .
SJCVlMElSPo find out how to check the switch for fog lights with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
aMbemin4wU4 learn some tips on the proper way to stand and hold the bass clarinet with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
vqMpSBEUsdU alcohol , caffeine and other drugs can affect phobias negatively and worsen symptoms . learn how alcohol , drugs and caffeine affect phobias from a social worker in this free overcoming phobia video .
grOFjMzA9EQ measure the sugar bowl to find out what size you lid you need to make . learn how to measure a sugar bowl to make a lid on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video on throwing techniques .
fvyDE8T9trM to defer jury duty , contact the number listed on the summons to determine whether or not there 's a conflict . find out legal reasons and excusable conflicts for deferring jury duty with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
fvpRsOYblLM proper storage of a paintball gun is important because it is a dangerous weapon . learn how to store a paintball gun in this free sports and recreation video .
ey9K0GWYkSI powder will help create an even skin tone for your makeup . learn how to apply powder with a makeup brush in this free video on makeup tools .
fDM3QCyLOsc learn about the purpose of the chorus in a country song with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
lIYMkkw2pEo learn how to stretch feet backward with japanese shiatsu massage to relieve tension and stress with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
jh6sO1Cx6hI learn the downward facing dog pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
psiYVzT85dw one way to get rid of grub worms in a lawn is with beneficial nematodes . get rid of grub worms with tips from a professional landscape in this free video on lawn care tips .
fxfxBqeg1WE discover when to stand pat in poker dice . learn about good hands in poker dice in this free dice games video from a successful poker player .
YdSz9pyXibs learn the rules of playing magic : the gathering in this free online video clip about how to use like links in the game .
owyFKVa9Tp8 the dynamic markings in sheet music simply mean how loud or soft the music should be . discover how to read dynamic markings with help from an experienced musician in this free video on reading sheet music .
ZMt60dYXNis the right accessories complete any retro 1970s look . get tips on the correct 1970s accessories from a retro fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
JvCS8mxaqCY when you are preparing a saxophone reed it is important to get the reed wet . learn more about how to prepare a saxophone reed with tips from a professional saxophone player in this free music lesson video .
tTviGLPHgBY learn safety tips for using a hookah , including how to prevent spilling the charcoal or knocking the hookah over , in this free video series that will teach you all about hookahs and how to smoke from one .
ggnvquELwLk on the saxophone , the d minor scale is extracted from the f major scale , and everything is natural except for b. play a d minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
f2y8ZMBQHCs painting clothing in a portrait should be carefully done . learn how to paint aged clothing in a portrait in this free video lesson on painting .
aDbjwPtv4wM each tuning peg on a violin corresponds to a string and its particular note . learn more about violin tuning pegs with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video on violin tuning .
T0SfS4vcTl4 learn how to train the day before the 400m sprint with expert tips and advice on running in this free training and fitness video on training for the 400m sprint .
JueLJISNqN0 in fashion design , one nap collar designs refer to a tab holding the collar down . learn to draw one nap collar designs with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
OYVtD-SiymY illustrate fashion with up-do hairstyles in your croquis designs . draw fashion hairstyles like an up-do with bangs in this free fashion croquis video with a fashion designer .
lkZWf4nXNzs a cowl halter top has a draped neckline . learn to draw cowl halter tops with tips from an expert in this free fashion design video .
fDFhPfVF76w learn chair forward fold for prenatal yoga in this maternity fitness video for expecting mothers from an expert yoga instructor .
pm3g4olztc4 add cottage cheese , eggs and rice for the pancakes . mix ingredients for the rice pancakes for apricot-ginger shrimp with rice pancakes from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
sMbaNW7pkKA learn what card combinations make blackjack from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
npIqLAGpJv4 a music producer 's tools include access to various musical instruments . learn about all the music instruments a music producer uses from a professional music producer in this free music recording industry career video .
fIMjTMLuN8g not all materials will work well for making a wallet . get tips on different materials before making a wallet from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
tqQC5_8diqY in yoga , the triangle pose separates your feet and strengthens your balance . learn about the triangle pose with expertise from a yoga master in this free yoga video .
f34-8Z6DWdU the drum cocktail is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
hp-UoQ8Hel8 wing tsun kung fu is a great self defense method to use against knife attacks . learn more about defending yourself from a professional martial artist in this free video .
QK_B5Oyvqy8 do n't overwhelm the viewers of your mural , so add some depth . learn how to paint a wall mural with art lessons from this free video .
qN_ebeOqHyU watch an expert martial artist explain how to set up to perform a twist move in this free video clip .
KdehHQHFB5k managing your money in `` world of warcraft '' is crucial . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
U-hIROKQoyA get to know the different uses of scallion onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
pU8fgP2uOYA learn how to set up a submission move in this free sambo self-defense training video .
_ny4R1Z5q0Q seven key ingredients you want to keep in your home and how black bean salsa plays a part in those ingredients ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
f9ASzH40rwY learn how to reduce the frequency of headaches using visualization , desensitization , imagery and more with expert medical tips in this free online headache relief video clip .
fFV6xxRdpY4 removing the carburetor of a lawn mower is an important part of maintenance . get expert tips and advice on lawn mower repair & maintenance in this free video .
Sa81Mu0YqEo handbags are a must for any women 's outfit ! get tips for picking the right purses to match clothing in this free video clip about fashion tips for women over 30 .
gggVQzrow34 a keyboard is made up of black and white keys , speakers and sometimes a stand . play a keyboard and use a music stand with lessons from a professional musician in this free video on musical instruments .
pelqioLzQvo make a ' c ' open enough so it does n't read as an ' o ' . learn about calligraphy and tips for distinguishing the letter ' c ' from a calligrapher in this free art video .
I7pn5PZwmyk learn about minimum bids in whist in this free video series that will have you mastering this card game in no time .
QUb3PCmH5aI creating artist trading cards with encaustic wax for trading with other artists ; learn tips tricks and more from expert john vandebrooke for creating beautiful encaustic wax paintings in this free art lesson on video .
W04Lz6Pq8ew if your planting japanese boxwoods , get tips for removing the plants from containers in this free gardening video clip .
G5bsYGOSpf8 with eczema , it is recommended you see a dermatologist . learn the importance of seeing a dermatologist with expert tips in this free health video .
f299dEezdyg keeping an resistance band under your foot , learn how to do the single lateral raise exercise in this free fitness video from a gold 's gym personal trainer .
k2Qn1E3T6lE learn how to do a forward fold yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
Y9Bq2m70cxQ a euro hem on the second pant leg requires trimming off excess fabric . learn about the second euro hem with tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
ZRiRGRKK0dQ it 's your hand mirror , so design it however you want ! learn how to design a decoupage hand mirror at home in this free crafting video .
I5DoFMWvbg4 the first three states of matter , solid , liquid and gas , can be illustrated by an ice cube , a solid , that melts into water , a liquid , and evaporates into the air , a gas . understand the movement of atoms and molecules with important facts from a science teacher in this free video on fundamental physics .
10-Mt-VS3JE learn how to add crab to creole shrimp crab salad with expert cooking tips in this free creole cuisine video clip .
VUI3sS3Lc2A learn from our expert baker how to add your ingredients to make your batter for crepes in this free cooking video on making easy crepe recipes .
UXiJlyLJlUA many music labels looking for producers will advertise for certain skills or talents they are looking for in producers , so know your strengths and what you want . brush up on writing beats , managing artists or coaching voices with tips from a veteran hip-hop artist in this free video on the rap music industry .
JXJ1OdBhC2Y the fifth note in the b melodic minor scale on violin is an f sharp ( f # ) . play the fifth note of the b melodic minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
ioupaiAuRr0 insurance companies manage annuities and should be researched for their ratings . research the best annuity companies with tips from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
h0bjJlC-XfQ hard water creates spots on dishes and rings on toilets . learn other affects of hard water from a water softening expert in this free home improvement video .
HEibb83JnGQ most people fish three or four feet from the bottom . learn about ice fishing depth in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
U2fsmb7ms6g some creative ways to stop a dog from barking are to reward silence , train the dog to get a toy around barking triggers or to use a floor tie down when guests come . find out how it is easier to train a dog to do something rather than not do something with insight from a dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
fDw8gvZDL1E learn the seated twist pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
ey860kIDXC4 learn how to draw straight lines when designing and making homemade buttons with expert crafting tips in this free arts and crafts video clip .
zNlFlaYaLhw use photoshop outer glow filter to create corona for sun . learn how create and render a space scene in this free computer graphics tutorial from a photoshop professional .
fGInfzVSgPI make a cartoon monkey using basic shapes and how realistic detail can be added ; learn tips , ticks and more for creating realistic cartoon drawings in this free online art lesson about cartoons taught by expert matt moskal .
Hi_Hh9V-To8 the ethnic sugar is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
PVjmLuxor7Q to create backlit text in photoshop , use the stylize and glowing edges filter on the text , then rasterize it . learn how to stylize text in photoshop in order to create backlit text that shines from a photoshop expert in this free video on computer graphic design .
-PGEbvECv7c americans strive for punctuality . what is indicative of our culture is to be on time , and sometimes on time means five minutes early . but in many , many cultures , being on time means 10 minutes late . learn how to improve intercultural sensitivity from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free education video .
Ou_s_V8VoCU peruvian food is delicious , with a diverse array of flavors . get an overview of peruvian cuisine , plus get tips on how to avoid getting sick when traveling and eating in peru , in this free peru travel guide on video .
RQy3biWXOtQ learn how to act like a cat for sexy cat halloween costumes with costume tips from a makeup expert in this free halloween video .
f6IqYA1w4JY rock n ' roll foot position is similar to an average ollie . learn about foot placement in a rock n ' roll from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
dFhcHjVHRhs learn the chinese symbols for review with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
fyu8fUAeAGM there 's a lot to a hoop house because each square inch has so much farming potential . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
ueAko_MswNE when drawing animals , begin with the biggest portion of the body first and work outwards , adding the right legs , feet , tail and head . learn to draw different types of animals , like giraffes , horses and dogs , with creative tips from a professional illustrator in this free video on drawing .
WkqbcmOpmDk when playing the musical saw , bow the side that is opposite the teeth . learn how to hold the blade of musical saws , plus learn how to use a bow when playing a singing saw in this free online music lesson video .
SDCM5KC0tPg learn chinese left-falling character strokes with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language teacher in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
8HTOauVFps0 firefighters use flat headed axes to cut and to strike like a sledgehammer . see gear , such as the flat headed axe , firefighters use and find out how they use the flat headed axe when fighting fire or removing a victim from a vehicle in this free video featuring a professional firefighter .
jO_GFdeGLLo petrissage massage on the upper leg in supine position is great for runners when they are sore . get tips on using petrissage to help with muscle pain from a massage specialist in this free massage video .
S_fpYM5HMnI potter 's create a moquette cylinder by pinching and pulling up on the clay . learn to create a moquette cylinder on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video featuring a professional potter .
g_-bKebB0Hc how to use equipment sanitizers for home brewing scottish beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
Yo1tw58jrm4 learn about musical saw collectibles in this free online video music lesson on playing the singing saw .
f6rtJAjMtHc to do a two-handed basketball dunk , jump with one leg and plant the ball in the basket with the opposite hand . add variety to a two-handed basketball dunk by using the tomahawk style with this free video from a semiprofessional basketball player .
Gtcd0XngMRc learn how to use the black marsh flitter card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
Xlq3T9Lns80 a shomenuchi strike follows migi kesa giri in the aikido sword form ken-gi two . learn shomenuchi following migi kesa giri in ken-gi two from a 5th degree aikido black belt and martial arts hall of fame inductee in this free martial arts training video .
xPRSNOvWwPk modifying a ceramic pitcher creates a unique altered form . learn about modifying a pitcher with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
L3oL35_cv5s learn how to play kicker and make a punt kick in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
aVwN3kyvCUw learn how to make the seasoning for chicken marsala and more in this free cooking video taught by expert chef karl james .
5dzlFzQQWoI what makes a baked alaska so unique ? the baking ! learn how to bake this ice cream treat in a free dessert recipe video .
sWyTj7tdIuM garage band offers a series of different organ sounds that are available to use in any music project you are recording . learn tips on how to choose one and how to manipulate the sound of the instrument from a recording expert in this free video clip .
fCULR30wUoY using a ribbon tool can help shape and sculpt your multi-piece clay pottery form . learn to use a ribbon tool to shape your clay form with tips from a pottery expert in this free craft video .
YDtOPa5IDGE adding the female dancer 's shoes for your dancer figurine sculpture ; tips and tricks for creating a dancer figurine sculpture in this free online art lesson about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
iRuJzfDDPRY how to preview a mail merge letter in microsoft word ; learn more about mail merge features in microsoft word , excel , and open office in this free instructional video .
tRYr1obXiz8 learn about the proper fitting for a cycling jersey when bike riding in this free video series about biking and biking enthusiasts .
XslN3zV0Nmc it 's important to shampoo dreadlocks gently so as not to disturb the process . learn more about shampooing dreadlocks from a professional hairstylist in this free hair video .
fslsm4MqBBE a snowboard edge is constructed of a piece of metal that wraps around the snowboard . learn more about the edge construction of a snowboard with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free winter sports video .
YYm4puxyrS0 learn how to play the last level in call of duty 4 : modern warfare in this free gaming video clip on video games , taught by a video game expert and enthusiast .
IUzLuekSfnQ watch as a professional lighting designer and consultant explains what lighting designers do in this free online video on architectural lighting design .
GxTyVynKKLs learn the chinese characters for lei 2 with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
y8MRvJGGE44 hand mute the bell when playing french horn ; learn how with tips from our expert french horn player in this free orchestra video music lesson on french horns .
f8DuYhGhQJs how to apply the perfect foundation makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
N0wJFGkbtGw self defense techniques must adapt to different attackers and styles of attack . learn self defense for different kinds of attacks from a martial arts instructor in this free safety video .
f2gOPX9ie84 draw guidelines to practice calligraphy letters . learn how to draw guidelines for uncial hand calligraphy in this free calligraphy lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
LJSI-0yKkyc when installing a vinyl fence , make sure to mark the fence line before getting started . mark the fence line for a vinyl fence using the tips in this free video about fence installation from a fence company employee .
6oEd0miYejo to get rid of back fat , start exercising the entire body and eliminate saturated fats from the daily diet . get rid of back fat with tips from a fitness specialist in this free video on toning and building muscle .
kIlgEXSMM84 choosing a good running shoe is crucial for the right cushioning , stability and support . pick out running shoes with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on running .
Zq-vy_vk_pM pull the goatee back to expose the edges when trimming . learn how to cut the center when trimming a mustache in this free grooming video from a professional hair stylist .
p9B42lKZwKw prepare your clay for the potter 's wheel by pounding it out into a ball . learn how to prepare clay for the wheel with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
G9zy_sHRqe4 learn where to look and how to find a broadway audition including websites and publications with expert performance tips in this free online broadway related video clip .
LM5nJWsYcXs make sure there is a liner in place before taking down a bathroom shower curtain . learn how to pack a bathroom shower curtain early with expert tips in this free moving video .
i1gb3KXPbvc training is very important in the game of racquetball . here is a free video to help you become a better player .
8ZAeuiCkP78 antonio lucio vivaldi was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play line six of this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video .
f7U4Zfs_DVo practice makes following crochet patterns easier . follow a crochet pattern with tips from a needlework specialist in this free video on hand crafts .
K0kE4FG1fK4 the ornamentation is the basis of a lot of the native american style of playing . learn basic ornamentation for the native american flute from a professional musician in this free music video .
h7H3RcKCVW4 the buttafuoco is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
edM2EFkehdI play the tek , caa , doum and slap together on the doumbek african drum ; learn how with tips from our doumbek drum expert and player in this free doumbek video tutorial..
MvouB-X0GCs store flatware near everyday dishes in a new kitchen . learn about other places to store flatware when moving into a new kitchen with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
jl8ktJ2WsS8 losing fat on the legs is as simple as doing a combination of resistance training and cardiovascular training . burn fat and build muscle to tone the legs with advice from an athletic trainer in this free video on personal training and exercising .
fFk8oRYSMq0 pay attention and learn what 's important to your wife in order to pamper her and make her feel special . pamper your wife with tips from the author of a book on marriage in this free video on marriage counseling .
xvgq_Gl_CGM sketchbooks are crucial to the sculpting process to record spontaneous thought and inspiration . see a sculptor 's preliminary sketches in this free sculpting video .
fFaFfhdNN1c use a mirror to better view your drum techniques , height system and more ; learn how from our expert percussionist and drum instructor in this free snare drum video tutorial .
X36vb-54bf8 treat wasp stings by removing stingers with a butter knife or credit card . treat wasp stings with tips from a firefighter in this free first aid video .
f-INpIykrQE how to make sauce for shrimp and grits ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by master chef keilly morris .
fqi7f6jpLGQ the most important piece of rock climbing gear is the harness , which should fit comfortably and be very secure . learn how to use all of the loops and tie points of a rock climbing harness with information from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing .
f--Do6ld8gA to do a proper triceps exercise , keep muscles tight and controlled . learn to do triceps exercises in this free home workout video from a certified personal trainer .
f3PYq48f_S0 wearing disposable gloves in the gym can keep hands safe from bacteria and gym germs in public fitness areas like yoga rooms . stay healthy in gym fitness areas with the tips from this free video on gym hygiene .
ZdTMM5lLiA8 get some extra tips and advice from our expert baker on making crepes and the batter for crepes in this free cooking video on making easy crepe recipes .
q9FNezDspFY using a sponge on a stick remove excess water that has accumulated while forming the clay vessel . learn how to remove excess water from a clay vessel on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
MLwSaYnm5CI several techniques can be used to get rid of unwanted hair , including laser hair removal , waxing , threading and shaving . find out about natural home remedies to get rid of unwanted hair with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
wQ7BjesDo7I salary for a bodyguard will vary widely depending on experience , training and background . learn more about bodyguard salary with tips from a former secret service agent in this free career video .
-lyKGrLyazw learn how to do yoga poses with blocks and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
y4znr_vjPA0 intervals are an important part in bass playing and a 3rd is one of the most widely used intervals for bass . learn tips on how to used this interval as a mood creating tool in this free video clip .
fxX3wkDELV0 opening the hips is important to modern dancing . improve hip and quad flexibility with tips from a professional dance teacher in this free modern dance video lesson .
ddkr5Bb0W2c how to add some finishing touches to a gourmet mixed green salad ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
5G6h1AaiI9M learn how to set up a hookah in a way that will allow many people to use it in this free video series that will teach you all about hookahs and how to smoke from one .
gzclMecqkKo how to serve open fire cooked vegetable kabobs ; get expert tips on grilling and grilled recipes in this free cooking video .
UlmJ22_3BIE everybody loves mac and cheese ! learn utensils for macaroni and cheese in this free mac and cheese recipe from a professional caterer .
wLJKPeISa14 how to remove intake debris and repair a hayward aquabug swimming pool cleaner ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on pool maintenance and outdoor appliances in this free instructional video .
O3onRGiCwFc learn how to make a light fruit dessert of berries and cream in this free easy dessert recipe on video .
f03seWiYMzI calligraphy requires specific pens for specific parts of the art form . learn tips on how to choose a calligraphy pen from a calligraphy expert in this free video clip .
fstyPepBF9o start with a good piece of craft wood as you gather the supplies for your mail organizer . learn how to make a mail organizer with seashells in this free crafts video .
qqS1CG-eHGw the best way to lower the nitrates in a reef tank is through frequent water changes . lower the nitrates in a reef tank with tips from the owner of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
zvzFrAU2fdk making an album usually takes longer than a band thinks it will . learn about scheduling studio time when recording an album in this free studio recording lesson from a professional musician .
SGR85Nwe074 front ring collars in fashion design that shows stitching on the illustration . learn to draw front ring collars from a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
KtZVpv3cpks the praying mantis outside palm block is called such because the block is done to the outside . use a praying mantis outside palm block with tips from a black belt instructor in this free kung fu video .
TnNvCzl1G7Q the standing yoga mountain pose is the foundation of all standing poses . build a sturdy base for a standing yoga workout with the techniques discussed in this free fitness video from a certified yoga instructor .
uvl8VMhXmwY the lotus position is a wonderful vinyasa yoga maneuver that can help stretch out the hip muscles and improve balance . stretch out the muscles in the body with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
G_Cg1ldU2kg when shadow boxing , keep shoulders above knees to improve balance for a boxing match . keep shoulders above knees while shadow boxing using the tips in this free video on shadow boxing .
SlbjfK79L40 independent hand movements on the conga drum will help you improve your drumming technique . learn how to do conga drumming independent hand exercises with tips from a professional conga drum player in this free music lesson video .
edT4QWhaRhk different types of band saws will make various kinds of cuts , such as vertical or horizontal cuts . find out how band saws can cut different types of material in this free video from a professional contractor .
f3wP6iuNtBA how to make kimchi for korean kimchi and rice ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
f-BicX22B2Y learn how to place christmas tree angels on the tree in this free homemade ornament video from a christmas crafts expert .
wMgFRIweyCc you 're in good shape if you get anything but a seven . learn how to play craps without betting in this free gaming video .
rINuzf9DZW0 the mountain pose in yoga is a completely parallel standing position . learn how to master this pose with expertise from a yoga master in this free yoga video .
f5J9Au6O5mg kickboxing techniques such as spin side kicks require training and practice . learn how to do a spin side kick in this free kickboxing techniques video .
udaQ_mIQlsE when playing the saxophone , there are several important breathing techniques that saxophone players can practice . discover new techniques for breathing as a saxophone player with tips from an experienced musician in this free video saxophone lesson .
qQ7UPPX9xFo learn how to pick an onion when produce shopping at the grocery store and more about produce shopping in this free food video .
3RDH6Us1YAk use hammer and chisel to remove lock ring for fuel pump . learn more about replacing the fuel pump in the gas tank of your lincoln continental in this free auto repair and car maintenance video .
egfNwcsb6Jk clean swim goggles by rinsing them in cold , clear water and avoiding soap or chemicals . remove the chemicals from the swimming pool that damage swim goggles with advice from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
kaTyeb1uPxQ body bags for low temperature hunts can break wind and insulate for hours . learn to use a body bag to hunt and camp in sub zero temperatures in this free camping video with a professional huntsman .
jyxJDN3kzUY how to play licks when you finger pick a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
f7LIeqohsRs learn how to add to the poser software library with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
OxWbVXSUKTU becoming a bartender is ideal for the individual who enjoys social atmospheres and making people happy . learn why to become a bartender with tips from an experienced bartender in this free video on career information .
SrFrd71e1aQ for poodle dog grooming on the body of the dog , you should always clip with the grain of the hair . learn more about clipping a poodle 's body with tips from a dog groomer in this free pet care video .
f4vKjEbj3Dg loading videos onto an ipod begins with plugging the device into the computer 's usb port . learn to load videos onto ipods with tips for a technology specialist in this free video about how to use an ipod .
ewPSoiN0hXw to burn fat and lose weight , a person must first learn to burn more calories than are taken in . learn more about burning fat with tips from a fitness trainer in this free weight loss video .
fyI1Ev5m1w4 turning an organic compost pile can help stimulate the microorganisms that help break down compost materials . learn some tips from turning your compost pile from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
ZmCSia75Ens reason 4 has many preferences such as a master keyboard option that can be used and altered to make it easier to work with . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
fFc9HA0XHvY having good follow through is important when shooting a soccer ball . learn how to kick a soccer ball in this free beginner soccer lesson on video , with training in basic skills and moves .
ubB1A6M5Yww to burn calories with everyday activities , the important thing is to keep moving . learn more about everyday ways to burn calories with tips from a fitness trainer in this free weight loss video .
intS_32h0jc a knee stretch in thai yoga massage stretches the knees and side while releasing any built up tension in the knee joint . learn more about the knee stretch thai yoga massage technique with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
edPrj723yog learn tips for making strikes when bowling in this free video clip from an expert bowler on how to bowl .
Nf933STtJlo loosen up for chest exercises with warm up stretches . learn how to strengthen the chest and pectorals with this free workout video .
fA23BSxv-1Q learn how to choose a record with expert dj tips on turntable hip-hop skills in this free video clip .
joKPUgy7ecA learn how to highlight parts of your lips with red lip liner as stage makeup before your next performance with expert makeup tips in this free online theater production video clip .
f4cC8MCcY-w the toe touch hip hop dance step is very simple for even young children to figure out . learn the toe touch step hip hop dance move with tips from a choreographer in this free hip hop dance lesson video .
fwZkfjxa8wk paddle surfers pick up a paddleboard in one of two major ways : they pick the board up at the end and walk up to the middle , or surfers pick the board up at the sweet spot . learn how to pick up and carry a paddleboard in this free video on paddlesurfing .
-L1F7CRCpxo learn why it 's important to know the company salary for a job interview with expert interviewing tips in this free online career related video clip .
hFeHQ-1NSMY in calligraphy , the italic capital letter b should be broken down into two different forms . learn more about designing calligraphic lettering in this free calligraphy number lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
fwSszasujM8 if you have adhd , learn about using drug-free treatment options to control your disorder in this free video clip from a medical professional .
f1o2J3kQkKs care and maintenance of the wanda the whale above ground pool cleaner and putting shoes on it by wetting them and fitting them in place in this free maintenance video .
mVeAf3kAMoU when tanning outside , the best times are before 10 o'clock in the morning and after 2 o'clock in the afternoon , as mid-day is when the sun is at its highest intensity . always wear sunblock when tanning outside with information from the owner of a tanning salon in this free video on tanning .
fBQQ5H_KkUM audio blocks in pro tools allow users to track data for grouped tracks . edit individual tracks using editing blocks in pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
-MpbiFdNZf4 concrete is needed to backfill a drain trench before tile is installed . learn how to add a new bathroom to a home , including tips on covering up a drain trench in this free home improvement video .
2Rnk2Mciq6A add electric , bass or another instrument when filling in a track . learn how to fill in a track in garage band in this free music software video from a music studio owner and producer .
i8xz3DE3aP8 learn how a kiln is used to make spun glass pendants with expert jewelry design tips in this free crafts video clip .
fIKA7gguMn4 the yoga transition from crescent moon to parsvottanasana lifts the tail and drops the spine to relieve compression . learn transitions in intermediate core flow vinyasa yoga from an instructor in this free yoga video .
iQnjiEGun4Y you may find yourself in a multicultural environment . research the cultures of your audience to avoid the risk of offending . learn how to give a funny speech from professional speaker and communications instructor tracy goodwin in this free public speaking video .
Lg5PzfCWytE when playing this violin scale , stretch your hand to reach all of the notes . learn how to play violin scales s in the third position with one position in this free music lesson video from an expert violinist .
fIfBBtVRMIU in order to get rid of cockroaches , have a good inspection , use a fogger to get them out and chase them into sprayed material that will kill them instantly . eliminate cockroaches by baiting and killing them with tips from an exterminator in this free video on pest control .
TyWKltSk_hc learn tips for making strikes and spares in bowling in this free video clip from an expert bowler on how to bowl .
GdvzPi9i1zw use the slap and mute technique on the conga , the mute stopping a tone short ; learn how with tips from our expert conga player and percussion instructor in this free conga video tutorial .
Pg66dQKM8I8 the placement of that eye will give the direction where the puppet will be looking . learn how to make a children 's puppet in this free crafts video .
a-LAacktlsg click on an apple loops track to add it to your logic pro track . learn how to load apple loops using logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
_co-45w5Cp0 learn how succulent plants are potted up with tips from an expert in this free gardening clip .
QxCngSOpoDw riding benefits for therapeutic adults in this free video clip .
RVWahVhQono clear out preset drum patterns in logic pro to start your beats from scratch . learn how to clear out patterns in logic pro 8 ultrabeat in this free music production tool tutorial from a professional audio engineer .
L_cR4GrNGSA drawing basic leaf groups with pastels will help define a large area of foliage . learn how to render basic leaf groups with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
Tr3ePPNPYuY rotating tires is important to even out wear and tear on your tires . learn why rotating tires is important from an auto mechanic in this free auto repair video .
KL-t6P0TFWo you have to hear about these bizarre dumb criminal stories . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
Dzp_PWxK3dg power yoga is a system of vinyasa yoga that moves steadily from one pose to another . find out more about power yoga with expert tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
efRXxwK96RM learn how to sew animal pieces to suede pieces for your homemade tablecloth in this free home decoration video on making and sewing a tablecloth .
JdZdbtGRba0 the beer top is a mixed drink with beer that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
swK6HopGorU learn how to do a lumbar area japanese shiatsu massage with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
GJczM8S_qLY learn from our expert chef how to prepare the carrots for a super lasagna in this free italian food recipe video on making lasagna and caesar salad .
na4evKEQO0M learn the heaven kick balance technique in this free martial arts video .
exImNCh5OXQ slur notes when playing french horn ; learn how with tips from our expert french horn player in this free orchestra video music lesson on french horns .
PJGOVoXsLR4 using beginner exercises are a great way to learn the basics of skating . learn a beginning warm up from our ice skating expert in this free video clip .
URGdPyQiT-0 learn how to unfold and reverse fold the origami butterfly with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
pmrg-2rnuBo what steps go into painting a mural ? learn how to paint a wall mural with art lessons from this free video .
fJ5vO67Ktnw the pendulum putting style helps to simplify the putting stroke and make your putting more accurate . get a demonstration of the pendulum putting stroke from a golf instructor in this free golf video .
S-UnWF18uNs watch an example on how to play the eighth variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
8c6fPo6_cX4 to modify the signs for mellow or hyper in sign language you can use facial expressions . learn more about how to sign the words for mellow and hyper in american sign language with tips from deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
NemiNeAyxQM the r sounds drops out after vowel sounds in words for new yorkers . learn how to speak in a new york dialect in this free video .
fx_I5ZvRwF8 the king pigeon pose in vinyasa yoga is a great for stretching out the pelvis and spine . practice the king pigeon pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
Ux8ugBGKiCk choosing the right printer for your giclee prints is essential . learn how to find a giclee printer with expertise from a professional artist in this free giclee reproduction video .
lirCejY_ylc develop strength in the glutes and hamstrings with legged dead lifts . learn how to do legged dead lifts in this free exercise video about improving muscle strength for football .
1rSDHOSfx-A bake vegetables covered in parmesan cheese to brown the top . learn how to bake vegetables with tips from an expert chef in this free culinary video .
Tbt6Fjg5HRw pull guitar strings through tuning posts enough to leave three inches of extra string . learn more tips for stringing a guitar in this free guitar lesson from a professional music instructor and performer .
YPEuUyVtep0 magnets on cat doors can be strong and thus a deterrent to a cat 's decision to use the door . train cats to enter cat doors with tips from a cat behaviorist in this free video on pets and cat care .
kWD4x92eeFI browning onions and then adding meat for the omelet to the pan ; learn this and more tips and preparation tips in this free online cooking video from chef donn ovshak , expert chef !
k6fHaTM0gOI throw some grass in the air determines where and how strong the wind is before a golf shot . learn how the wind affects a golf shot from a professional golf instructor in this free golf instruction video .
RHcOtQJfrLk you need the ball to score in basketball . learn how to get open for a pass as a point guard in youth basketball in this free basketball coaching video .
eGdF_fsZ40E want to add more relaxation to the shower ? learn how to make massage bars from our melting and molding soap expert in this free video clip .
NXfxQv5-Pu4 remove eyeliner by dipping a q-tip or cotton swab in eye makeup remover and running it across the liner , picking up any extra moisture with a clean q-tip . apply a different eyeliner color after carefully removing the old liner with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on removing makeup .
iJlF1kelA40 skateboarding front side 50-50 ledge tricks are great to learn . learn how to perform this trick from our skateboard expert in this free video clip .
xmtHutadC9Y the fear of water can have a range of triggers or causes . find ways to overcome a fear of water from a social worker in this free overcoming phobia video .
zGMOIEmEZn8 learn the first part to disassemble an ar-15 rifle with expert tips and advice on gun care in this free hunting video series on the ar-15 rifle .
tBxp07FY8D4 cleaning products for pointe , dance or ballet shoes will depend on whether the shoe material is metallic , leather or satin . learn more about cleaning pointe shoes with tips from a shoe repair expert in this free shoe care video .
inOPQr0OTr8 it 's easy to set up a network printer . get free computer help in this video , with tips on how to setup and troubleshoot home computer networks .
RVZALSvxHjE choosing a fly rod by weight depends upon the weight of the fly line used and the size of the fly used for fly fishing . learn how to choose a fly rod by weight in this free video on fly fishing .
YgHG6zZbVZM when swim training for an off-road triathlon , include different swimming strokes like the breast stroke to improve flexibility . train for the swimming portion of a triathlon with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
jFGfHnvcpVY learn how to do the closed position send out steps in the hustle in this free dance lesson video .
K-X7-EHGZeM an expert musician gives tips on playing the third beat of the drums for the d'angelo song `` spanish joint '' in this free cover songs and drum lesson video .
QsBwuA5nDgw stretching your horse will help compliment other body work and exercise you are doing with the animal . learn more about the benefits of stretching your horse with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
7qxa-DoM2Us when installing the air filter and cover there should n't be any resistance . learn how to replace a harley davidson air filter and cover from a motorcycle specialist in this free motorcycle video .
mdXTrklbEWw pendulum cuff exercises will work out the glutes , quads , hamstrings and calves . learn how to do pendulums using exercise cuffs with tips from a personal trainer in this free fitness video .
vs_60APD8RI flamenco dance originated in the south of spain among the cities of seville and granada . learn more about the history of flamenco dancing with tips from a dance instructor and choreographer in this free dance lesson video .
EGeTs5WHFiA when preparing a car for a road trip , the first thing to do is to go over everything inside the engine bay and make sure all fluid levels are appropriate . check the battery connection on a car before going on a road trip with help from a specialist in car restoration in this free video on car maintenance and auto repairs .
fEIMbWR9Tss sizing a debris hut requires lying down in it to build the debris hut so that you can fit in it . learn how to size a debris hut using the survival tips in this free video on wilderness survival .
hFFfvt-3xc4 speak japanese today ! learn practical japanese in this free video series on questions and descriptions .
ednHwOrS3yo how to play `` ca n't stop '' by red hot chili peppers on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on reading and playing guitar tablature in this free music lesson video .
BwKDeHPuJtQ when wood turning a bowl , try to prepare a dove tail for the tenon to fit in the chuck . learn how to create a tenon to fit a chuck with tips from a wood turning expert in this free video on wood crafts .
I9lRxRsy5hQ learn how to add oats and cinnamon to zucchini bread dough in this free recipe video .
b66QXzhlS4o tips for adding the dressing and feta cheese to your tomato and feta salad ; learn this and more in this free video recipe .
xk1sEHGDsS0 the lugger is a mixed drink with beer that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
I6W0Ck9u2hI in yoga , the lymph node and strap pose is used to open up the lymph nodes . learn the lymph nodes and strap yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
-sZivKdeuiY watch a six stroke drum roll demonstration to help you learn how to play drum rolls on the drums .
n8xTSflxhZA approach a ledge with the ledge on the frontside . learn how to do a frontside noseslide and what it is with free video tips from a sponsored skateboarder .
OIEuF7rko_k soap and water makes wool fibers bind together . learn how to add soap to wool layers to make a felt scarf in this free video .
awxBIny6sOE yoga blocks help increase strength and improve alignment . learn how to do warrior one yoga pose with blocks in this free fitness video from an expert yoga instructor .
SzqYEM0JMa4 watch an overview of caring for multiple dogs in this free dog care video from our pet health professional .
kHZA6mvx6x8 learn how to use a marker in order to establish which pattern corresponds to which stained-glass pattern in this free video series .
GUVtixB4b6s refrigerators can be great for creating storage within a confined space when attempting to organize your kitchen . learn some stove side benefits for organizing your kitchen with expert tips in this free organizing video .
ftxuONLCwZQ learn how to do the cow face yoga pose for the lower body and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
f6P5AMvyEho when setting up a pa system , avoid placing the mike stand in front of the speakers in order to prevent unwanted feedback . set up the pa mike and mixers with tips from a multimedia technology expert in this free technology video .
lvS5SbhBlP8 some popular daiginjo sake brands include onigroroshi , tamanohikari and kubota . learn about more popular daiginjo brands with expert tips from a sake sommelier in this free video about types of sake .
shXMsS0TXeU learn how to make the butterfly body for a clay mushroom incense burner with expert crafting tips from an experienced artist in this free online hippie crafts video clip .
3Zhq94X6wJA the slot for box joint jig bolts should be straight and flat . see how to create a stop for the router on a box joint jig in this free woodworking video .
qyzFgzcGMXg playing the cymbals with drum brushes has several advantages and disadvantages depending on the desired sound . play cymbals with drum brushes using tips from a professional drummer in this free music lesson video .
Z2CTDEUfMtk for collage , border off sections that will be collaged and sections that will be painted . decide what area will be painted in a collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
RbRKE7U1QcM looking for acting advice ? get tips for staying in character in this free video clip about advice for first time auditions
ft-N_-kapxI tennis requires players to move back and forth a great deal . learn more about how to get ready for a tennis lesson or match in this free tennis lesson from a tennis instructor .
huE-sXD_kjI any kind of coffee will work to tone your photographs . learn easy tips for toning photographs in this free black and white photography lesson from a professional photographer .
exKom6dXoiI the action on a guitar means everything in its playability . learn about all the facets that you can modify to adjust your guitar 's action in this free video clip .
ktMR91JCSok one way to become an entry-level engineer is to get a math or engineering degree and then an internship in engineering . learn how to become an entry-level engineer with tips from an entry-level engineer in this free video on career information .
yVUOv5wGTgc african dancing involves beautiful and colorful costumes that describe an emotion during the dance . learn about this tradition from our expert dance instructor .
KvEeChSFRUo for beijing chicken , the chicken needs to be sautéed with oil and seasoning . cook beijing chicken with tips from a chef in this free video on chinese food recipes .
A5ar_lGlQgQ many yoga exercises can help with arthritis pain relief . learn how to do foot arthritis yoga exercises in this free health video .
kHZ5Xhau5FY for juggling four balls , half-showers have each throw crossing hands . do half-showers for juggling four balls with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video on hobbies .
oli9xdjEvZA learn tips on how to tie a correct zeppelin bend knot in this free video clip on knot and bend tying .
J1KZy_Mif5E learn different accessories that can be added to a handmade sock puppet with expert crafting tips in this free video clip on arts and crafts for children .
kZOSiGd1kN8 learn how to descend steep hills during off road mountain bike racing in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
YtFltjayEr8 learn how to remove a mountain bike handlebar stem and what to do with your old one in this free bike care and maintenance video series .
_qYa-HZxXSA sealant to fix a flat tire works temporarily only ; the car should be taken to get a replacement tire . learn to use tire sealant to fix a flat tire from an auto mechanic in this free auto repair video .
kexg8oNUJ3Y drawing a plan for a child 's bathroom mural will help map out the project . draw a plan for a child 's bathroom mural with tips from a professional artist in this free home decor video .
Lx7FJPUviDc reconnecting a back flow prevention valve , garden hose , and drain hose . learn about flushing coolant systems in this free car maintenance video .
q-EVmAfi-Zk a bishop sleeve in fashion design adds volume and material for a shirt or piece of clothing . learn to draw bishop sleeve designs with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
fCA0c1uBBq0 learn how to shampoo a man 's hair in this free men 's hygiene and grooming video clip .
LiTWAkqzHbA people will restore a vintage bicycle if it is from their childhood . get tips on restoring a vintage bike from a bicycle expert in this free video .
phbxPxsR854 collage gel mediums are acrylic-based adhesives and can be mixed with water . learn about gel mediums for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
U_JNPjnDxnA an elementary school teacher 's salary ranges from $ 35,000 to $ 70,000 per year , depending on education level and experience . find out a teacher 's salary with tips from a third grade teacher in this free video on careers .
fukCwHI6sKU a bartender 's funniest moment stems from harmless customer intoxication . hear about this bartender 's funniest moment in this free video on career information .
h_-0HYW5eOQ the keys to throwing a football are holding the ball comfortably , throwing spirals and having a quick release . throw a football like dan marino with tips from a former college quarterback in this free video on football basics .
7SkukBwwOns learn how to play one handed shaker triplets in the music lesson in this free video .
uFAm5clzb5o doing checks on and testing the lawn mower is an important part of maintenance . get expert tips and advice on lawn mower repair & maintenance in this free video .
KPKyYvMW88I when taking a snap shot in hockey , the stick should never raise above the knees . watch a full-speed snap shot in hockey with tips from an ice hockey coach in this free video on hockey shots .
0fw8it7Gj7k applying a finishing polish to wood furniture adds an extra protective surface to the wood . find out how to apply the finishing polish to wood furniture in this free video .
Ym5F0pMUNm8 how to apply eyeliner makeup like j-lo ; get professional tips and advice on beauty makeup and women 's cosmetics in this free instructional video .
UbCBQ8YfNQ4 bikram yoga contracts and releases abdominal muscles that will shape the stomach . tone abs using bikram yoga poses with expert tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
f76NlnmjBwE learn about copedant , a map of notes for the pedal steel guitar in this free music instruction video from our professional country and western performer .
fEho-K8bqEw for hip-hop dance , triceps push-ups help the dancer with moves like pops and waves . do triceps push-ups for hip-hop warm-up with tips from a professional dancer and dance instructor in this free video on hip-hop dance .
NvOxRQEVr6I get tips on packing carry-on bags , including what items are best to carry with you onto an airplane and how to deal with airline restrictions regarding carry-on bag sizes and liquids , in this free educational video guide on packing for vacation and travel .
oHIrUkV9lYM how to use the proper objects for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
QeRiNRktulg tape the edges around the painting area before starting the child 's bedroom mural . prepare a child 's bedroom for painting a mural with tips from a professional artist in this free home decor video .
WzOjVJrsmoc learn how to pick corn when produce shopping at the grocery store and more about produce shopping in this free food video .
ft1lnAigM1k dorm room mini-pizzas are made with a french baguette , tomato sauce and shredded cheese heated up in the microwave . make a mini-pizza in a dorm room with tips from a nutritional counselor in this free video on dorm life and nutrition .
fBBZgv27LKM backhand serves are similar to volleys , and they allow the server to watch their opponent . learn how to hit backhand serves in squash with tips from this free video on squash drills .
f36kwSpc0mE send your pokemon to battle with various attacks ! learn how to attack with damage and flavor in the pokemon tcg in this free video lesson .
f6z_lxD5vgI get the main ingredients needed to make rabbit stew and learn this and more in this free cooking video about game taught by an expert chef .
d-kjzkE36gk how to use the flash video component ; learn more about encoding video on websites in this free instructional video .
MVTr3A3SXbQ a nail delay on the top side of the frisbee is called an upside down delay , or a ud delay . learn how to do upside down freestyle frisbee nail delays from a world champion in this free sports and recreation video .
hrHq4AVOZ7k learn about doing some up and down strikes and spins with nunchuck training lessons in this martial arts video on using nunchucks for beginners .
-t3Il-G6OAg browning potatoes for your eggs benedict dish and preparing to poach eggs ; learn this and more tips and preparation tips in this free online cooking video from chef donn ovshak , expert chef !
fuH7qJMsgJw learn how to cut the box for a scored valentine 's day treat box with expert tips on valentine 's day crafts in this free video .
qSi8jSPMW9I the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a creative pop-up birthday card from scratch in this free video .
u81fuYxFh7c the half roll over spin is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
vsm8YPVO7l0 gluing felt on felt is different when making a children 's craft velcro-ball dartboard . use the correct glue for a velcro-ball dartboard with expert tips in this free arts and crafts video .
Pn1tPCn4Dk0 learn tips on how to do a u-turn in a dogsled in this free instructional video clip about the dogsled race in iditarod .
SVcAp13n1qY on upright bass , start with an open d string to play a walking bassline in the d key . learn how to play a walking bassline in the key of d on upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
SA6K0TBWeeE to fake cry in acting , think of a situation that makes you cry and focus on all of your senses to remind yourself of that situation . consider holding your eyes open for a long time to create tears in an external way with help from a professional musician and actress in this free video on acting .
phobXY3DNxA the hp 45 ink cartridge can be refilled by inflating the center bladder and pushing in 10 milliliters of ink with a syringe . pressurize the ink bladder of the hp 45 cartridge before replacing it with help from an employee of an ink-filling station in this free video on hp printer cartridges .
vdFKQM3DpW8 in order to build big arms , start with a basic muscle building stage that is known as hypertrophy . work out the biceps , triceps and deltoids to build bigger arms with advice from an athletic trainer in this free video on personal training and exercising .
tB48aQQ7xOU for shrimp in coconut-potato puree , measure a half a cup of coconut milk and add it in stages . add coconut milk for shrimp in coconut-potato puree with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
fE6xxSbjVV8 how to keep tools clean when making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
-0adCyrTpPE how to build your `` death by chocolate '' cake after baking it ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
f56JYC2d884 how to gather and use the supplies needed to apply natural mineral makeup ; get professional tips and advice on natural mineral makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
7ny9ohx-aIs need christmas gift ideas for your grandfather ? get great ideas , like a harmonica , from an expert in this free holiday season video .
NKTVDmF-pw8 booze and broken hearts ... learn about song ideas for female country western stage character in this free comedy improv video series .
Qhzh86HNwmY put on gloves for shelling the shrimp . shell shrimp for apricot-ginger shrimp with rice pancakes from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
ftwsXwYRrrc learn the importance of phonics when teaching kids to read through homeschooling in this free home schooling and tutoring video clip .
H4hg8V3lAFI a backward figure-8 belly dancing shimmy isolates the hip and lower abdomen in a backward curving motion . practice a backward figure-8 shimmy with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
T-CisFhNLzo make sure concealer makeup is creating the desired effect . learn how to apply base , foundation , and cover up makeup in this free video on beauty and cosmetics .
QPU7kgGu7y4 go tell aunt rody '' is a very well-known song that should be easier to learn on violin than a lesser known one and this is important to realize when choosing songs to learn . watch this free video of an experienced and educated musician and learn some great tips on how to play this song on the violin quickly and easily .
ez9jv49v9LA before installing drapes , make sure to get a drill , some anchors , a phillips head screwdriver and a tape measure . install drapes and make sure that the bottom of the curtains are flush with the floor with help from a home repair specialist in this free video on home construction and remodeling .
K-OqpzF7vZ4 lock in your focus point with this canon camera feature . learn techniques for taking photographs with the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
Wu5fdF-nP3o drawing a basic shirt collar design is often used for technical and specific fashion design . learn more about drawing a basic shirt collar design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
Pve_8B_ywA8 when starting any glass project , it 's important to have the right safety equipment . learn how to pick fire extinguishers , safety glasses , clothing , and more to keep yourself safe in this free crafting video about the equipment for making glass beads .
ylPz1q1uGrc johann sebastian bach is one of the most famous chamber music composers . learn how to play violin music of bach 's partita no . 2 in this free violin lesson video from a professional violinist and composer .
-w5kARfjVNU learn to write chinese characters today ! master chinese calligraphy with this free video on drawing the numbers in the hundreds .
Gdp4eG2puDE how to cook enchiladas in the oven ; learn more about making traditional mexican and tex-mex food in this free cooking video .
e_slRh87TkY learn how to do a hapkido bo staff choke defense technique in this free martial arts weapons training video .
TT04skKiIFA adjusting crochet yarn pattern to go the opposite way . learn how to crochet a basket weave pattern in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .
TD7LneVYe34 collectors can buy pete rose baseball cards by visiting hobby stores or baseball card shows , on the internet or from individuals . look for valuable pete rose rookie cards , that may cost several hundred dollars , with tips from the owner and operator of a card shop in this free video on collecting sports cards .
DNRdYXzKnoQ the first thing to do when dealing with a stalker is to take the matter very seriously . deal with a stalker by changing phone numbers and documenting stalking efforts with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
f3ajmKO6gRQ purchasing items from garage sales and using chairs as tables are examples of unique decorating ideas that can be used to establish a new look at home . learn some other home decorating ideas that involve tables with tips from a professional decorator in this free video on home decorating .
jiQ8y-Qf1g4 learn how and why to clear the area around your campfire before attempting to light any spark in this free video series .
Mfsugkjt9-k filtering and blurring the image of your text , in photoshop , is a great way to create a flame effect . learn some tips for creating flames for your realistic fire text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
q_qeNnrriJY learn from our seafood expert about making and adding citrus sauce for bacon wrapped scallops in this free recipe video on making bacon wrapped scallops .
yJWFpFzIorc learn tips on the proper placement of your feet on the skateboard in order to kickflip in this free skateboarding video lesson .
uae714ZVDA8 the math is rarely in favor of drawing to a gut shot straight . learn how to play johnson poker from a professional gambler in this free gaming video .
f5JiaIJmI7Y mascara brings out your eye makeup . learn how to apply mascara to smokey eyes in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
gkOOGr1idag stretching is important in karate to maintain flexibility . do several different karate stretches with tips from a martial arts specialist in this free video on karate .
-_whjuDO5x0 more than 300 different species of parrots come from all over the world , such as africa , australia and south america . learn about the different species of parrots with tips from a bird caretaker in this free video on birds .
CB_A-qDroJw playing musical scales on the violin , like the a melodic minor scale at lower octaves , helps teach music theory . play the a melodic minor scale at a lower octave with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
FSLOBVrblJc some models add hands to a belly cast , capturing them comforting the tummy ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
3eygshBulLc learn how to do the 14th routine combination move from an expert in basic step aerobics in this free instructional video lesson on basic step aerobic exercise and routines .
G5F-bwIsbFI install baseboards after measuring the wall area and cutting the baseboard to fit . learn how to install baseboards using the home repair tips in this free video .
lp-fAj1TwR4 make a fleece poncho today ! learn tips for in this free video series about how to make a poncho without sewing .
jZRlio96BYY types of softwood used for construction include mainly pines , the southern yellow pine used in stairs and floors , cedars , spruce , hemlock and fir . choose between red and white cedar for your woodworking project with instructions from a carpenter in this free video on building materials .
LnnsuJjYTAw using a scroll saw to make narrow cuts requires matching the saw blade to the angle of the curve , with tighter curves requiring smaller blades . operate a scroll saw safely and use earphones when necessary with instructions from an experienced builder in this free video on carpentry tools .
ezy6B2pX-iQ kuku rhythm is very popular all over africa . learn how to play kuku on a djembe in this free african drum video from a musician .
fHbj1DixrR8 when realizing a solitaire hand is not winnable , it 's time to start a new game . learn how to play fourteens solitaire in this free gaming video .
gx6YmcpPRXw solitaire is a game played with a regular deck of cards in which one card is placed face up and six are placed faced down . stack cards and get all cards to the top in solitaire with tips from a gaming specialist in this free video on card games .
ZD3oRhquxwk preparing to take a shot in pool is easy with these tips . get expert tips on pocket billiards and pool cues , tables , and skills in this free video .
fA3Iqo9Kty4 teleprompting gear come available with shipping cases which make packing and protecting the gear easier . pack and protect teleprompting gear with tips from a teleprompter service specialist in this free video on broadcasting and entertainment .
f61GSmLQ_lc a trombone bumper may need to be replaced from the general wear and tear of playing . learn how to replace a trombone bumper with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free trombone video .
ijZ6lzatZL0 it 's important to choose a diet or weight loss plan that includes calories from all food groups , including carbohydrates , fats and proteins . pick a diet or weight loss plan with tips from a certified fitness trainer in this free video on health and fitness .
ftUnbna0vI4 heavy metal guitar uses a lot more palm mutes and down strokes . learn a great heavy metal guitar riff in a major in this free video clip on music theory .
furfAAKJFvw japanese green tea is picked four times a year to create four different flavors of tea . learn about japanese green tea with tips from a tea lounge owner in this free tea brewing video .
IxhTGgJcVyY learn how to start making your kaleidoscope lens and how to cut off the end of the tube with expert crafting tips in this free online kaleidoscope making video clip .
GUE6zOwZogY how to jump rope with speed ropes . learn how to train for boxing by jumping rope in this free training video on exercises for boxers .
5UnyLyzR1x4 preparing vegetables for a tagine is easy with these tips , get expert advice on cooking recipes and moroccan dishes in this free video .
cKf9DbVp_iU before replacing a motorcycle exhaust system the original must be removed . watch this free video clip of a motorcycle expert and learn how to remove and add a motorcycle exhaust .
39EtQaJrgpI through adjusting saturation in photoshop , the gray of the gamut warning can be removed . learn to use the gamut warning in this free photoshop tutorial video .
1_BobemNaFU changing the angle of the base plate on a circular saw can help you perform mitter cuts . learn some simple tips you can follow for mitter cuts from a professional carpenter in this free video .
DKC5NMWGce0 practice kicking for the freestyle stroke by holding the edge of the pool and kicking in place . an expert swimmer shows how in this free beginners swimming video .
fB71uBTrWzU learn about the purpose of the verse of a country song with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
sn4E3BnDIYc in order to make ceramic two-piece vases , the clay first needs to be attached to the wheel . attach clay to the hump in order to throw a two-piece vase with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
nMM8ZJ2rV6Y toss the tennis ball to set up a slice serve . learn some advanced serving techniques to improve your tennis game with this free video lesson .
JwW_csd_2Ss learn tips on how to properly replace the housing cable on a mountain bike in this free online video clip about mechanical parts and concepts of mountain bikes .
Ur7TDfbHI74 learn how to avoid party crashers at your halloween party for teenagers in this free halloween planning video .
fJC7v-8s0tc the ph in the chemistry test used to test the acidity of substances stands for 'potential hydrogen , ' as in how much hydrogen is in each of the substances being tested . learn what ph stands for when testing for acids and bases in this free video on chemistry experiments from a science teacher .
YIfKhPeoffU clean up your ice fishing equipment as soon as you get home from your trip . learn more tackle tips in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
UI3GTu2GsWY a rainbow kick in soccer is done by bringing the ball up with one foot and flicking it over a player 's head . perform the rainbow soccer kick with tips from a professional soccer player in this free video on soccer .
1FguoRkSPWY learn how to do the glide hip hop dance move in this free dance lesson video .
MxDcOmXaGXQ great makeup tips ! learn the required supplies in this free video clip about how to apply a bronzed makeup look .
xjTYYjP5dWU a backhanded shot is a good weapon to have when playing roller hockey . learn how to play roller hockey with free video lesson .
JXDRO0NDDhs there are various places on the arm , torso and head that you can punch from the outside position . learn how to punch from outside position in self defense in this free martial arts video .
lV7UltiX3vk card suits are played on each other in accordion solitaire . move a card to its suit with expert tips from a professional card player in this free video about solitaire card games .
GLJbIepuDiI play this saxophone excise faster as you master the keys . learn more techniques for improve your saxophone playing skills in this free saxophone lesson video from a professional saxophone instructor .
98HM1zgEtwA add a link to a picture in frontpage by creating a thumbnail image and inserting a hyperlink containing the address of that image . find out how to direct web site visitors to a picture with the tips in this free video on creating web sites from a professional software developer .
Hn3WhHDV5Tg dragon stretches are one of the most important stretches in zen yoga for martial arts training . learn more about zen yoga dragon stretches with tips from the founder of zen yoga in this free yoga lesson video .
gtxO56zoAvQ to be recruited into a college basketball program , keep grades high , join a high school team and hone specific basketball skills to get the attention of scouts . find out how to improve skills to get into a college basketball program with this free video from a semiprofessional basketball player .
fsJwiiPvCT4 warrior two is a vinyasa yoga maneuver that is great to transition into when exiting out of wide leg forward bend . learn how to transition your body using these two movements from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
gfrXIt9qqbo rama is an inspirational figure to many indian and south east asian people , which is often depicted burmese dancing . learn to do advanced rama dance moves in the free video from a professional burmese dancer .
snNR2BRExBE lay your blanket on top of the batting and cut around the blanket . learn how to cut batting for a family quilt in this free home decor video .
2dEJ8wHb19E looking for new belly dancing routines ? learn how to do egyptian belly dancing moves and steps in this free video lesson from professional belly dancers .
0iWwAgigPHc learn the importance of a water filter for your health in a macrobiotic lifestyle in this free health video on living the macrobiotic lifestyle .
8ykkPitOUoc it 's helpful to adjust the angle of your circular saw in order to execute more precise angle cuts . learn some tips for performing angle cuts from a professional carpenter in this free video .
ewUqUklARsA install the door sweep on a storm door to close the gap under the door and prevent wind and bugs from getting in the house . install a door sweep using the storm door installation tips in this free video .
GkGYgfln0hQ think about making relaxed strokes for natural letters in calligraphy . learn about rustic relaxed strokes in calligraphy with this free handwriting video from a calligrapher .
LU0nX7l7FCw find a spot without coping on a mini ramp . learn how to do a fakie disaster on a mini ramp from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
26Cvb2Hdn7Y forward back jump rope exercises are great for circuit training with a jumping rope . learn how to do this working in this free fitness video .
f-mdwatq_HQ opening a clay garlic keeper can be fun but tricky . watch this free video clip and learn how to start the process from a clay expert .
iXmrWx4eOPA when calling the united states from spain , dial the international access code 00 , followed by the area code and seven-digit phone number . make a phone call to the u.s. from spain , which is six hours ahead of the east coast , with tips from an experienced travel guide in this free instructional video on making international phone calls .
w1HsyVffRcA learn how to curl ribbons on a feather boa with expert party tips and advice in this free online bachelorette party planning and attire video clip .
osPacZ1SZGM learn how to apply concealer makeup to the face and eyes of dark skin complexions with expert cosmetic tips in this free beauty video clip .
mFr0E482HZw what color is her hair ? is it long ? learn how to do sign language related to describing people in this free education video .
r1584wLjjig photographers can create a mood for a photo with unusual back lighting and side lighting or by setting up an unexpected light source below the subject . create mood lighting for a photo with the tips in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
AfV9tXLx09U in knitting , ribbing mistakes are common and can be fixed with simple backtracking techniques . avoid ribbing mistakes with tips from a knitting teacher in this free video on yarn crafts .
Hb99wBkcQd0 forearm muscles are important to strengthen gripping power . learn a few exercises to workout this muscle and tone and strengthen it from a fitness expert in this free video clip .
y09GnUyQUGg tailor excess fabric by taking it in for a less baggy look . take in excess sleeve fabric with tailoring tips from a fashion designer in this free video on sewing and clothing alterations .
JZssmgxpeRo after the draw comes another betting round . learn how to play johnson poker from a professional gambler in this free gaming video .
fGwCyIPEVNg growing and caring for leptospermum plants requires planting them in full sun to partial shade . learn how to grow leptospermum plants in this free video on gardening .
aB41RWqeJ4k creating pupils , when face painting a lion , can be a tricky and delicate task for artists to perform . learn some tips for drawing pupils from a face painting expert in this free crafts video .
S4dp6EcDuTM learn how proportion is used as a basic element of painting design in this free instructional video art lesson .
RCgHp0DTdog learn in this free instructional video lesson an expert explains how to choose an effective paddle that you can use well in a kayak river rescue . with this free water safety video clip .
sVfzq8VEt-Y accent the drop of the hips in belly dancing . learn how to add extra hip movements to the egyptian walk in this free belly dancing video from a belly dancer .
LoFosDCqTJM it 's important to snap your wrist when you throw a football . learn a drill that will help you master the wrist snap motion for throwing a football in this free american football video lesson .
gGGPUNrOZsk some cards in `` magic the gathering '' are artifacts and creatures , robots or war machines with various abilities . learn `` magic the gathering '' cards and artifact card types from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
l81exs9zOr0 in kung fu , point the toes to the floor and then extend them up and around in a circle formation to warm up the ankles . perform the ankles circles exercise with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
OJKqHty1rRQ learn how to juggle a single ball with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
Ev7UKVjG5YA learn the paddle and roll combination in advanced tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
0Tolhp9U3aA how to play the fourth part of the song 'booty ' by erykah badu on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction on playing pop songs on percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
DqFnwg4tcNY define your upper arms by performing side lateral raises to build and tone the muscle . learn how to define the upper arms with tips from a fitness specialist in this free video on toning and building muscle .
iG4nSmwlkc8 use car alarms for auto theft prevention , and fix the remote system yourself if the alarm is broken ; learn how from our expert locksmith in this free auto emergency locksmith-training video .
Oyo7HNV6G2g meet our airbrushing expert and get an introduction on how to airbrush a wood grain finish effect on a car in this free instructional art video .
f6LSv1MpqiA watch a seasoned professional demonstrate how to dry windows in this free online video about window washing .
UywkwEwjZZY learn tips on how to tie a correct carrick bend knot in this free video clip on knot and bend tying .
xERAky8tHCg learn how and when to pick beans and tomatoes in your garden in this free video on low maintenance gardening .
f5TVAVksp18 to do hamstring curls using a cable machine , ankle apparatus will be required . learn more about hamstring curl cable machine exercises with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
_Ofdj0hDdLI curious about blended teas ? learn how blended teas are made in this free video clip about types of tea .
f1eOfFES1IE watch how to pack a baby bag for two and other effective parenting skills for raising twins in this free infant care video with tips for new parents .
fL4KWX3eEZ8 understand how to safely use a saw 's 90-degree blade setting in this free educational video series .
zeJSQh2yIhU discover how to play an example of voice leading on an upright bass . learn how to play blues with voice leading in this free upright bass video from a jazz and classical bass player .
efV3o3iBkKs when choosing a treadmill , make sure it is meets certain specifications , such as weight and size . pick a treadmill with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about treadmill workouts .
m0O0hnobFtA to naturally remove facial hair , use an ancient threading technique , where long pieces of thread are twisted to gently grab onto individual hairs and pull them out . see how facial hair is removed through threading with a demonstration from a professional beauty technician in this free video on beauty and grooming .
fC0pTSBl3co learn about the last two options in barbu with expert tips and advice on barbu in this free video series that will have you mastering barbu in no time .
I_YOhmBDFSI learn how to add holly to henna design christmas ornaments from a professional henna tattoo artist in this free arts and crafts holiday video .
fGlkKpu7Hss die , craps table , a hook and some chips are a few elements you need to begin practicing the casino game of craps . learn how to play and win at craps like a pro in this free video series .
SmSGhbIgz1A learn how to choreograph steps in paso doble dancing in this free instructional spanish dance video .
ldfQb969X24 learn about doing a handstand forward roll to warm-up for a back handspring from an expert in this free instructional video on doing back handsprings .
fxGlegXQmME ab muscles are an important area to workout because they are the core of the upper body . learn a few exercises to workout this muscle and tone and strengthen it from a fitness expert in this free video clip .
fCF65sNmII8 the best vodka for the price is skyy vodka because of hits nice flavor , affordability , accessibility and ability to be blended with any mixer . find the best value for a great tasting vodka with information from an experienced bartender and vodka connoisseur in this free video on alcoholic beverages .
zxo--YZ7xfQ learn all about sufi circles for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
uLwWTksdohw skipping a word that is difficult , and looking at the pictures when reading will help with word recognition ; learn more about teaching kids to work through reading problems in this free reading video on education for children .
_kdY5LL_7vc when moving into the warrior ii yoga pose , place the hands in prayer position before lengthening the arms . learn the warrior two pose of basic yoga in this free yoga video lesson .
f0-_Yc6hIAc the wood chopper crunch works the abdominal core , specifically the obliques , with a twisting movement and a leg lift . work the oblique and upper abdominal muscles using the wood chopper crunch with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
pmgqyAnzXsQ watch and learn from our expert cook how to cut bread for canapes appetizers in this free cooking video on dinner party appetizer recipes .
f-JYSgGnp-A an antiques expert teaches about antique pink luster teacups in this free video on antique collecting and appraisal .
n27KhXISbXw because the lizard is a sculpture , you want to be able to view it from all sides . learn how to make paper mache lizards from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
exWtbWQLADk watch as a real-estate professional explains how to get pre-approved for a home loan in this free online video for novice homebuyers .
v8qFhgxRgbw belly dancing costumes , outfits , and clothing are essential to any belly dancers routine ; learn what to wear for your dance in this free video lesson .
PwapK9d8IGk an immediate annuity allows someone to receive money in an income stream that fits into their budget . learn about immediate annuities with information from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
fEpGfQic7-c most tents have two or three sets of poles for different purposes . learn how to put tent poles together in this free camping video from an eagle scout .
kopnQzrPwwc for blackened shrimp spinach , wear gloves when shelling the shrimp so no surfaces are contaminated . shell shrimp for blackened shrimp spinach alfredo with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
iM7lZGNpfzc learn the basic chords for the song `` every rose has it 's thorn '' in this free guitar video .
fIS4SAd7n_8 sometimes it 's important to measure and prepare your pieces of wood for circular saw rip cuts . learn some helpful techniques for preparing wood from a professional carpenter in this free video .
mEHNXdyoIIA the best traveling , educational baby toys ! learn all about baby toys that are great for traveling in this free video clip on baby safety and baby learning toys .
TqXEAC5-UVo when youre covering somebody you want to have a low center of gravity and stay on your toes . it is easier to intercept a pass when you have good balance first , as shown in this free video .
Ysjg_Fik5-A being tired can make a tough decision even harder to make . find out how to make a tough decision with tips from a professional psychologist in this free video about relationship and marriage advice .
hnAm5QPncVU when manipulating photos , in photoshop , it 's important to edit the background in order to eliminate errors associated with cropping and resizing . learn some tips for editing the background of your image from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
Q_egHwKDDwc learn why starch is not needed when ironing sheets from an ironing expert in this free laundry care video .
klA3gJkmpOU maintenance is a regular part of raising a healthy blueberry bush . learn a few tips for maintaining blueberries from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
hfGGT4nf6fE use a rag when applying faux finish texture . learn how to create faux painting textures in this free painting lesson from an art instructor and professional painter .
iblWVbqBg4w cutting out images for your collage is also an art ; learn how to make an artistic collage in this free video art lesson .
2zBjzhR8NKc after protecting a happy sun clay sculpture , spray paint can be used to create the final product . paint and finish a happy sun clay sculpture with tips from an art teacher in this free video on sculpture .
IdYmXORSS6Y reason 4 has many features and one of them is adding sound devices to a recording session . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
J4hYSA5jLqo a police officer 's job description primarily involves keeping the community safe , but each day can be different and interesting . get a better understanding of a police officer 's job from an experienced police officer in this free law enforcement career video .
fBmd5Z2McKo in order to convert the contents of a vhs tape , such as wedding or graduation video , to dvd , connect a vhs player to a dvd burner , but be sure to pause the vhs movie while starting the dvd burner to create a smooth beginning . digitize those old home movies by recording the video from a vhs tape onto dvd by following the detailed instructions in this free video on electronics from a digital technology professional .
ROfCN1zTn4Q katate-dori sumi otoshi is an aikido technique that takes an attacker 's momentum and leads it into a toss or throw . practice aikido katate-dori sumi otoshi techniques with a third-degree black belt in this free video on aikido .
v_Sjk-YLQBw adding frost to your text , in photoshop , is a great way to add dimension and character to your textual image . learn how to use frost effects to enhance your textual image from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
pbOZdYNZLpg when dressing for a cocktail party , women should wear a stylish and comfortable dress that comes to the knee , and since cocktail parties last into the early evening , take a shawl or jacket if it gets too chilly . find a two-piece cocktail dress for a party using this free video on women 's fashion from an experienced clothing designer .
fHZWpgFUDdw avoid `` the yips '' and stay relaxed and focused during your putts . learn golfing techniques on how to stay calm and make putts in this free golfing instruction video .
oA3j8U-ehho learn how to mix blue paint with other colors for your painting and tips on the basics of color theory in this free instructional art video .
G57U223AhSs vertical jumps are increased by putting force into the ground via exercises such as squats , power cleans and overhead snatches . increase your vertical jump with tips from a sports-performance director in this free athletics video on track and field .
n8wMIctuDJQ sparklers are the only fireworks that can be safely held in the hands . learn more about handheld fireworks from a fire captain in this free pyrotechnics video .
pDMISeMkd-k ways to get rid of a car payment include refinancing a high interest rate car loan at a lower rate or borrowing money from a friend or family member to pay off the debt . knock out high monthly car payments by obtaining a second mortgage and rolling the car note into it with tips from a credit repair specialist in this free video on auto loans .
PrZoPpoJmZY rehydrate the skin after facial surgery by using hyaluronic acid treatments . learn how to treat the skin after getting facial surgery in this free skin care video form a licensed medical aesthetician .
xCzGhObBjeA there is a specific technique to playing a bass drum and a high hat together on a drum set . learn tips on how to develop the correct technique and become a better drummer from an expert musician in this free video clip .
vP3pRRjZ1So learn the different types of silver and gold picture frames with expert home décor tips in this free online professional framing video clip .
1xnRSzwO3Yg passion in art is infectious and peopple can see passion or lack there of in all forms . learn how important this actually is in any art form from a professional performer and writer in this free video .
RL3uN4xAdpA aikido and other martial arts forms are all relatively related with a few small exceptions . learn how to do a rib strike in a bow staff form from our martial arts expert in this free video clip .
huStW067-jI when cleaning a tattoo machine , disassemble the needle and tube assembly before dropping them into a water soak that includes bleach . dispose tattoo needles after every use with tips from an experienced tattoo artist in this free video on tattoo equipment .
rWHy754-Wtw mini-potties can help toddlers feel more comfortable using the toilet , and kids love mini-toilets that make a noise or sing a song when flushed ! learn how to use mini-toilets for potty training toddlers in this free parenting tips video .
kXXd4dI40ls learn how to smooth and polish your hand made jewelry and get expert tips and advice on jewelry making tools and techniques in this free instructional video .
xEhjqUkYgx0 a starting music teacher can potentially make more money working at a music school versus working as a freelance music teacher . learn the benefits of both music teaching opportunities from a professional music teacher in this free music business video .
fE-A5gZgWNY midi data is the digital representation of an audible sound and is the same in all recording programs . use these tips from an experienced sound engineer in this free video to understand what midi data is and how to use it to create new music .
ZaitP-ybLvk how to end off a hemp alternating knot bracelet ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by a pottery making expert .
DkHm_Tmsxv4 free throws in basketball are made with proper alignment and body mechanics , like bending the knees . shoot basketball free throws with tips from a semi-professional basketball player in this free video on basketball tips .
csYGCumaKqg use calipers to measure bowl wall thickness . get expert woodturning tips on calculating bowl wall thickness in this free crafts video .
ZTWdONtt-48 the primary materials for a skateboarding deck are wood , that is harvested from maple , and glue . discover why maple is the best material for skateboarding decks with information from a professional skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding equipment .
OSC9yUTTBeA tips for rekeying the locks in your home and learn how to place key covers when replacing a door lock in this free home security video from a professional handyman .
qvIhzmujTi8 discuss a book thoroughly , as it is every discussion group member 's responsibility to have read the book . learn from an english professor how to conduct a book discussion club in this free reading group video on literature .
T06Vo4808Fc incorporating ghost notes with the bass drum in a drumming pattern can get complicated . learn how to break down this drum beat from our drumming expert in this free video clip .
BWNPybvjaZE tips for trimming christmas tree angels in this free homemade ornament video from a christmas crafts expert .
QHPvJnPUH5c homegrown tomatoes make a easy gardening project . learn all about tomato plant care with gardening tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
rbiAraJgkCE a black widow spider bite starts as a red mark that swells , grows and sometimes turns a purplish black color . identify and treat black widow spider bites with tips from a firefighter in this free first aid video .
f-mvu_dZvjg just because your dog 's tail is wagging , does n't necessarily mean he 's excited ; learn more about how to read your dog 's tail wagging in this free pet obedience video .
SeVXeVtAzMY christmas cards have a more personal touch when they include photos . use photos to make christmas cards with tips from a scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
_0ehp2DxnoU stomp buck time steps are important to know at any tap dancing audition . learn how to do single stomp buck time steps in tap dancing in this free video lesson from a dance teacher .
fGQSR4tUxo8 different types of ginseng include korean ginseng , siberian ginseng and panax ginseng , all of which impart a different type of energy . balance and tone the body by taking siberian ginseng with tips from a dietitian and nutritionist in this free video on eating healthy .
DSuEUMeeUiY adding texture to the surface of your clay cat sculpture including fur detail ; tips and techniques to have you sculpting like a pro in no time in this free online art lesson on video taught by expert jorge benlloch .
Mfs5ToUeta8 in pilates , focus on the ribs in order to practice engaging the core and lengthening the spine . learn more about engaging the core from a professional pilates instructor in this free fitness video .
icnxOtfCwyc learn how to cut potatoes for meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
hxutm539ZhE feel the burn in your legs and butt with walking lunges ; learn simple exercises to tone your body and get your female figure into shape in this free exercise video .
p2dxoPLXbAc what kind of fish is that ? tips for determining which fish is which . learn tips for blackbar soldierfish identification in this free scuba diving video of caribbean fish from a staff member of the new england aquarium .
f3A9L7yGmEM build consistency in your golf swing and learn how to avoid mental distractions with the expert tips in this free golfing instruction video .
ZsuWdU4Bnck use safe behaviors when lighting fireworks . avoid horseplay and boisterous conduct to prevent injury and accidents . behave safely around fireworks with tips from a fire captain in this free pyrotechnics video .
pgvA8rEI-2s shadow boxing an imaginary opponent can include shadow boxing the last opponent a boxer fought . shadow box an imaginary opponent using the boxing tips in this free video on shadow boxing .
8jPZTf5GDE4 tired of wrinkled tshirts ? get tips for ironing your t-shirt in this free video clip about designing custom t-shirts .
PC7KNue1reo align your golf swing by aiming your club at the target and squaring your body properly to the club ; get golf swing alignment tips in this free golfing instruction video .
PKpnke-DI6A learn how to play the improve game `` lines from a hat '' at your next party in this free video series that will keep your party guests entertained and thinking on their feet .
83aLlQNtq98 learn how to add friends on the daily plate in this free video on using the daily plate website to track your diet and exercise .
YAtC1--WYMk learn how to add coconut butter to the chocolate with expert tips and advice on making chocolate from scratch in this free online video clip on dessert recipes .
mMYyYYTJtdo prep a whiskey plate slab for attachment by scoring and slipping the edges . learn how to prepare slabs with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
ZwYfjXaPrZg in nia , start in an open stance and relax the knees when performing the step touch and block exercise . learn more about nia and this exercise from a professional nia instructor in this free fitness video .
RJQaNqXtvxg learn where the body finds energy sources to burn and how to get your body to burn fat in order to lead a more active lifestyle in this free health and fitness video clip .
pIFhs2sJW_Y learn how to make ice lollipops with homemade yogurt in this free alternative health video..
edqV9o0kXjo spinning reels are the most versatile fishing tackle that exists . learn about the differences in spinning reels with this free fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
WTZ9vakLym0 should you write the music or lyrics first when composing your song ? try either , or write both at the same time . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
oZQEwH2nTsA hydration during warm-ups is important to replenish the body 's moisture and to prevent illnesses caused by dehydration such as kidney failure . hydrate the body with tips from a professional football player in this free video on warming up .
y-TZa7EouUg the forward step in senegalese sabar ras dancing can be used as a waiting dance between rhythms . do a forward step with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
uPlLxf2iLqQ large lcd screens or light shades can make digital cameras easier to use . learn all about camera lcds and photography in this free photography video .
SxFUR5y4Nsk taekwondo crescent kicks are easy with these tips , get expert advice on taekwondo and martial arts in this free video .
-T3EvOR2Wqk from airing out a sleeping bag to packing it up , tips for compressing this camping essential are discussed in this free video series .
48V7NtJhoOA if you do n't have any old jeans , they can be purchased in thrift stores . learn how to make a braided rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
W_Y5FTqIHb0 a diamond expert explains the difference between rough and polished diamonds and the process for finishing a diamond in this free video about diamond jewelry .
mbdaUJC2_0I donating to a political campaign this year ? get tips for understanding political contribution tax rules in this free video clip about business tax deductions .
f1oFoM-j52o how to garnish cajun grillades and gravy ; get expert tips on making traditional cajun food recipes in this free cooking video .
ubHyGaFDbRw blocking a wide-open shot from charging player . learn how to tend goal against a breakaway as a goalie in hockey in this free hockey lesson video .
LdiU221BZnw the surface type is very important and the basis for every calligraphy project . learn a bit more about paper styles and importance from a calligraphy expert in this free video clip .
7DwY9OEu-Nk how to brown meat for making empanadas ; learn more about traditional spanish , portuguese , and latin american food in this free cooking video .
_4e8aL2bmcI in home repair , most of the problems people have with gates is that they sag and start dragging on the ground . put an anti-sagging device on a gate with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
MSkIpGnlB3o to increase small talk skills , avoid politics and religion , and focus on asking the other person questions . learn to create small talk with tips from professional psychologist in this free video about self-improvement tips .
XAn5qm8m0dA use bicycle barrel adjuster to increase chain tension . learn how to adjust shifting in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
rd4RfVtNhpE learn how to do the upward one-leg yoga pose and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
hfN1ax3s4ck minimize the appearance of pores by using one of the many skin care products that remove dirt and oil for the pores , allowing them to shrink down . use a pore-minimizing product or microdermabrasion kit once a week to notice a difference in skin with help from a hair and makeup artist in this free video on skin care .
4459-X4LAds side panels of a bird house are screwed into place carefully , keeping the seams tight . learn how to attach side panels for a bird house designed for wrens in this free woodworking video .
u7nAwgpZdaQ learn tips and techniques for drawing the details of a car in this free video art lesson .
PHd4rOtwGbU define the upper arms with weight lifting exercises and a combination of an active lifestyle and a healthy diet . exercise the upper arms for more definition with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on exercising .
5BJU8RgQUes create an eye-catching home for your plant . learn about stylish planters for houseplants in this free gardening and green thumb video .
U3kOZDWIBb0 drum stick wraps are a good way to make sure the drum sticks do n't fly out of your hands . learn exactly how to put them on and why they work in this free video clip from an expert drummer .
hs9ZmMrO2a0 fleas are attracted by food sources , warmth , heat , blood and carbon dioxide . discover how fleas find prey to feed off of with tips from a pet industry specialist in this free video on fleas .
g-C8KxKMpEQ drier skin benefits from a concealer with a creamy consistency . select concealer with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free cosmetics video .
1ZuWB9uxHwI the most important part of learning the splits for cheerleading is stretching properly . practice the splits for cheerleading with tips from an experienced cheerleader in this free video on cheerleading stunts .
kI6CvYGScUs learn how to do the ryote kubi dori-dai sankyo japanese aikido technique in this free advanced martial arts video .
2_YqRxV7rxU learn how to steam a slacks with a handheld steamer to get rid of wrinkles with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes steaming video clip .
eiQB9a38KAI a dog acupressure or massage session should always end with several minutes of quiet time . learn more about how to finish a dog acupressure session with tips from a veterinary technician in this free dog care video .
M2aCw6AQmFo materials you need to make an african- themed shaker ; all this and more in this free online educational series of arts and crafts videos taught by design expert denise robinson .
mwU_Xr1Qa-Q when braiding cornrows some people also like to keep an unbraided pony tail available . braid cornrows of any size and pattern with tips from an experienced hair stylist in this free video .
tcqzrD5IVK4 learn how to sew strips for a quilted table runner from our expert in this free home decor video on making and sewing your own quilted table runner .
X-kKt8EJ7ok the whammy guitar effect is similar to an octaver in a high register . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
f93LSvGbmac wondering why people become writers ? find out the benefits of a writing career with tips from a published writer in this free writing career video .
ZdX1yyMK9Ro when glued to a kaleidoscope lid , beads will help to form the patterns viewed inside . learn how to make a kaleidoscope from beads and reflective paper in this free art video .
piTPzR3QasA get tips on applying red to august clown makeup , and how to use the colors of your makeup to complement your clown costume , in this free educational video .
R_iFopwjA5k get a reading of a patient 's vital signs such pulse rate and circulation to determine need for first-aid medical treatment . assess vital signs without medical instruments using the medical tips in this free first-aid video from a professional fireman .
L2aN1Awuh3s moving cards to foundation is the most common move in solitaire . learn how to perform this move from a champion poker player in this free card video .
YJJ3fyZeLzQ adding rings to the sail is easy with these tips . get expert advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
us_T4XfH8m0 when playing saxophone , minor triads are taken from minor scales . play minor triads on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
f77ckAPStdk extend and pull each ankle when in the straddle splits to stretch the ankles further . learn a zen yoga ankle stretch from the founder in this free zen yoga video .
fy8iQ9CCNN0 learn tips on how to tie a correct flemish bend knot in this free video clip on knot and bend tying .
QgTGTlSJfy4 the burgundy bishop is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
f98rdl3L8xA a dental assistant 's tools often includes an air/water syringe , a saliva ejector and a high volume evacuator . learn about the most commonly used dental assistant equipment with tips from a dentist in this free video on dental health and oral hygiene .
mRHa0LJR9HA carefully remove the car 's cam shaft sprocket before removing the water pump for replacement . take off a cam shaft sprocket with tips from a certified auto mechanic in this free video on car engine repairs .
f1Nq9VoAoBU pouring cotton candy sugar into a cotton candy machine can be done either before or while the machine is running . pour cotton candy sugar into the machine with tips from a party planner in this free video about party accessories .
SHwsV2fzK8g how to add fruit topping to a torte cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
fAsHUtpL7iM add a plie knee bend to pilates warrior 3 exercises . learn how to do warrior 3 pilates exercises with a plie in this free workout video from a fitness trainer .
n5BIynSLFh0 get a walkthrough of taking the worker 's suit in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
fIcEQ1gLSKM a castanet is a percussion instrument that makes a clapping sound and is typically found in spain . learn more about castanets and percussion instruments from a professional musician in this free music lesson video .
Qk9iHOMQgRU to draw rappers and hip hop artists , give them a powerful street appearance with intimidating eyes , gold chains and baggy clothes to create a rapper style . draw an a cool cartoon rapper with the clothes and accessories suggested in this free video on color theory from a professional cartoonist and illustrator .
LRE3fFZFI3U when massaging the forearms , use the thumb in a gliding motion to help attack individual muscles . learn more about massaging the forearms from a masseur in this free massage video .
ck6eS_z63K8 every snare drum head needs to be tuned at one time or another . learn tips on how to tune a snare drum head by ear in this free video clip .
vWmKERaf_ww in general , vulgarity does n't fly . tasteful humor is the better choice . learn how to give a funny speech from professional speaker and communications instructor tracy goodwin in this free public speaking video .
OUFGlAHZgAQ rotation drills are great for triathlon swim training and conditioning ; learn how to train for the triathlon swim in this free sport competition video .
efxcDAnIpHc the southern raspberry tart is a mixed drink with whiskey that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
ft6HeVUlcuM identifying the peacock flounder is easy as it is the most common flounder fish found in the coral reefs of florida and the caribbean . learn to identify the peacock flounder fish with tips from a caribbean scuba instructor in this free tropical fish identification video .
Y--5HsTdoD0 watch as a flower expert and professional gardener demonstrates how to plant and care for fall-blooming canna cleopatra bulbs in this free online video about home gardening .
W9ctbP-K0Hs play a sample hand of bar dice to see if you understand the strategies . learn how to play bar dice in this free gaming video .
LoON0KUWfWg the auger is a vodka-based mixed drink that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
91sOG7OUbns the bmx wheelie trick requires counter-balancing the body against the front end of the bike . learn more about the bmx wheelie trick from a professional bmx rider in this free biking video .
qG1SWgeaVAU assemble an origami five-pointed star by tucking each piece into the next . learn how to assemble a paper star with tips from an origami enthusiast in this free origami video .
gSP5SwPJlwo doing samurai throws is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
CPax4uPEN28 tips for joining quilt squares . learn how to put together the pieces of a quilt in this free quilting lesson from a crafts expert .
f-mi-mwb_pk while gray hair shows experience , it can also add unwanted years . learn how to apply color to gray roots in this free hair coloring video about how to cover gray hair with hair dye .
UTy1a6h7ajs how to pick and cut fish and what fish to use for boston fish chowder ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by five star master chef josh molton .
bfbAoukWxsI the e major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the first mode called the locrian mode from an expert violinist in this free video clip .
YuWkWlAymE0 the mark of an inexperienced ambusher is to spring a trap too early . learn about spooking the ambush as a part of paintball squad tactics in this free sports and recreation video series .
i7o2Hdw69C8 always stand up for friends , especially in their absence . learn about friendship actions from a professional speaker and instructor in this free relationships video .
eiXyGrf8VqY learn how to center a drawing when designing and making homemade buttons with expert crafting tips in this free arts and crafts video clip .
v6D-V7BCSw4 how to add spices for making finger sandwiches ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a delicious party appetizer in this free cooking video .
a_ikLS2VwFA learn the technique for squats in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
nR7cOHc2uPU how to file your federal income taxes online using tax filing software in this free video tutorial .
rzcdQaoaoJw get a walkthrough of the two targets in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
ehAlowvRjGA how to apply hair color ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
QJ7D7cp_3cg finding a spa can be done through the yellow pages , the internet or through referrals from friends and family . find a spa with tips from a massage instructor in this free video on massage therapy and techniques .
dwowkeile_Y foil fencing tutorials . learn how to apel in fencing in this free video on foil fencing moves and techniques .
pnCPB9Clk5c an hp c9396a printer can be refilled with an hp 88 ink cartridge . remove the sticker on an hp 88 cartridge and use a syringe to refill the ink with help from an employee of an ink-filling station in this free video on hp printer cartridges .
XCFeKrApBNA understand that poker begins with a foundational knowledge of the suit and hand rankings , starting with a high card , ace of spades being the highest , and ending with a royal flush , a 10 , jack , queen , kin and ace of the same suit . understand this classic game with instructions from an experienced card player in this free video on the game of poker .
IcedTsLcDW0 what electrical requirements are needed to use an air compressor ? learn about air compressors in this free video .
XRJsn8LgF-Y to improve circulation when exercising , minimize the build up of lactic acid in the muscles by getting massages and using hot tubs . find out where to massage muscles to improve circulation with this free video from a semiprofessional basketball player .
f4MDsjbpVTM charisma can be increased with practice , and the charisma factor is all about timing . increase your charisma through the eyes , voice , expressions and look with tips from the author of several dating books in this free video on relationship advice .
f13JiO6bPXE try using topspin with a backhand approach shot in tennis . learn tips for hitting tennis approach shots with these free video lessons .
UzTG5iTf8OU a blue tip flame is best for unsoldering an old pipe . learn about using torch when replacing home cooling systems with tips from a professional hvac technician in this free home cooling system repair video .
phyQNyB6x_c learn how to use movie magic screenwriter to breakdown scripts and export into ep scheduling software in this free software tutorial video .
LAm4KwLp_XE looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play `` newscaster '' improv comedy game in this free video on comedy acting .
QNspIKwjz0Q many people become veterinarians to fulfill a childhood dream of caring for animals . learn about becoming a veterinarian with tips from a practicing veterinarian in this free careers video .
JzZaWf33W7U when taking care of tarantulas , identify the species correctly , as there is a difference between obligated burrowers , opportunistic burrowers and arboreal tarantulas . discover how to take care of tarantulas through research , proper bedding , feeding and misting with tips from a pet specialist in this free video on tarantulas as pets .
CWSa2vWJCOE rough out the interior of a bowl after roughing the exterior . get expert woodturning tips on rouging the inside of a bowl in this free crafts video .
WdHwPINdlwU learn how to do an off string regeneration yo-yo trick with expert tips on yo-yos in this free online video clip .
fqCkYN-ryWY learn how artists find inspiration in this free video on becoming a self-taught artist .
hrcL5fvF2cY painting with white in a seascape will highlight and define the water . learn how to blend large areas of white with expertise from an experienced artist in this free oil painting video .
s_g7zw8lrkM learn how to create the grass for a clay mushroom incense burner with expert crafting tips from an experienced artist in this free online hippie crafts video clip .
bspSGNWkgUU ab crunches are a great exercise for getting those six pack abdominal muscles . learn how to do side and jack ab crunches to work your love handles in this free fitness video .
fBisiY1oDwU callbacks for a broadway play audition are opportunities to return for a second audition . learn more about callbacks with expert tips from an actress in this free acting video .
tc3U7EYLNLg using a stabilizer helps you to get on a unicycle . learn how to mount a unicycle using a fence or wall in this free video clip about beginning to ride a unicycle .
ltqnE05vfZ8 the kung fu inside crescent kick is a circular assault utilized in chinese martial arts . learn the inside crescent kick and discourage an opponent from a martial arts expert in this free kung fu video .
GY_XmNhupPo deflating a bike tire can be necessary to get to the proper tire pressure . get expert tips for how to deflate a bicycle tire in this free online video clip about mountain bike maintenance .
7on1DrLyJtg answer the challenge of balance and strength with stability ball triceps kick backs . learn how to do a full body workout with a stability ball in this free fitness video .
eflblnJy7nM finding good pinot noir wine from california depends on the climate of where the grapes are grown . learn more about california pinot noir wine with tips from a wine expert in this free wine video on pinot noir .
hJf8SgX6JzU supplies you 'll need to create your abstract painting for your home including canvas , acrylic paint , and brushes ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson about abstract painting taught by expert david a. clemen .
rnaIak5j4RM keep space between calligraphic letters . learn more about calligraphy techniques in this free calligraphy lettering lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
TWFNrHy9Zy8 the open leg partner stretch is great for increasing flexibility . learn how to do the open leg stretch with a partner in this free fitness video .
NzVArJYVBMg learn how to do a two-handed swing exercise using kettlebells from a professional personal trainer in this free instructional workout video .
_RmAWQ5I28Q green chilies will add spice to your bacon jalapeño pork chop recipe . learn more about adding chilies with tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
N1Gt5iyNOoc learn about using twins while playing sudoku and what twins means from an expert in this free how-to video series on playing a sudoku puzzle .
fuRAX4bQHts potters should use pin tool to center vase on potter 's wheel . learn how to center a clay vase on a potter 's wheel in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
_9h4L-m4eAU learn how to begin a day in macrobiotics with tips on the bed sheets , toothpaste , and soap to use in this free health video on living the macrobiotic lifestyle .
StyOFDm5SUs how to prepare the ingredients when cooking spanish garlic shrimp tapas ; learn more about making traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
fvD5QihvDYU squats are a fantastic full body exercise for strength training . learn how to transform yourself like a celebrity using squats in this free health and fitness video from a certified personal trainer .
fIO072v_FMo learn how to use snapping in cubase music recording software in this free online video tutorial .
wwDzWxJAiP0 how to play riff 7 for playing blues guitar in e ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
fCZZjdicfBk learn how your passion for sports makes you a better professional sports broadcaster with expert broadcasting tips in this free online sports journalism video clip .
sx5Eda3M5hc it 's important to know what types of guitar equipment there are in order to help develop your sound . learn more about the types of guitar equipment from a professional musician in this free video .
u6dRnLHRWOM learn the technique for a sit-ups in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
6ZYfL6MeJek do you love the movie `` top gun '' ? why not learn the `` top gun '' high five with expert tips in this free video on friendly greetings .
DouMemXfUB4 practice improv with a different form of freeze tag . learn how to play improv games in this free video on theatre acting .
osjpEECNEPE to get abs of steel , focus the mind and perform leg lifts to strengthen the core . get abs of steel with tips from a fitness specialist in this free video on toning and building muscle .
U761Tcvw98o you can play the musical saw by sliding from note to note or by snapping the blade . learn about the slide method and the slap method of playing the singing saw in this free online video music lesson .
iRjoPjFrBNo the leg movement for the breast stroke kick is similar to the way a frog kicks when it swims . learn how to do the proper leg movements for swimming the breaststroke in this free olympic swimming lesson on video .
fEA9h9eUlwk caring clowns work in hospitals and nursing homes to bring comic relief to patients and residents . learn how to volunteer or get paid as a caring clown in this free clowning video lesson .
Ig41gYse2D4 mushrooms and red peppers are great for roasting with chicken gorky . learn how to chop mushrooms and red peppers in this free cooking video .
D4QhwL4DTAY using brinjal and garnishes , learn to make a hot brinjal sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
XvU98coq_DE promotion is at the heart of reverbnation.com and it 's purpose for bands . learn tips on how to use this site as a promotional tool in this free video clip .
UxlUg8tC5I0 the sensation cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
TXoFrcbv-E8 learn how the pros repaint a wrecked car , and why they need to blend multiple coats of paint , as our expert explains in this free auto-body repair video .
STXYDddMfVQ create an origami umbrella base by opening the edges and performing a squash fold . learn more about making an origami umbrella base from an origami expert in this free craft video .
H1g6x7nnAw8 to do the bending spoon magic trick , do n't actually bend the spoon . trick friends using the bending spoon magic trick with expert tips from a professional magician in this free magic trick video .
Sljh9ToRY5A when shaving djembe drums , clippers can be very useful . change angles when cutting djembe drums with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djembe drum repairs .
q-f4Np5WDks skateboarding wheels get worn out after normal wear and tear , so it 's important to know how to rotate and replace them . learn how to take off old wheels and rotate them or put in new wheels in this free skateboard maintenance and repair video lesson .
zZg9O-Gdj70 the no look pass is a basketball skill that can really trick the defender . get expert tips and advice on dribbling and shooting in basketball in this free video .
P1sxY5wvjIo learn how to approach a 180 bmx g-turn with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
ezMN2AcIXO4 learn how to move over molten lava in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
HIHBpJGRjTE learn how to make a thumbnail sketch to paint with oils in this free instructional video art lesson on oil painting .
zRLFvBLbhLQ the telemarketer job description consists of telephone sales and customer service . learn about a telemarketer 's job description from a telemarketing manager in this free career video .
ezKICyY-HKY drying hair is done by first adding product to wet hair , blow dry the hair in an upward motion until it is 80 percent dry and then sectioning it off to style each piece separately . blow dry hair before styling , blasting a bit of the cool air to set the shape , with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
ICTzd8NWEF8 hopping up stairs can take a lot of energy in unicycling . learn tips for hopping up stairs in off-road unicycle riding in this free cycling video from a unicycle instructor .
GmZ1X1PsgDE a professional dj needs to be a dj mixer expert . get familiar with gain , frequency and fader mixer controls in this free music career video from a professional dj and music production instructor .
vgwzcI_B5KI ceiling cracks can ruin a room 's paint job . learn how to dig cracks out of your ceiling from a professional painting contractor is this free home improvement video .
kltIqPkIreU learn about constant selection when creating a poser 3d walking figure with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
pACbg8MSKn8 projecting your voice requires a relaxed , open throat , a relaxed jaw and a strong , hearty voice . project your voice with tips from a pianist , singer and songwriter in this free video on musical tips .
wllI1p8YOxg the d minor scale for violin is the relative minor of the f major . learn how to play the d minor scale on the violin in this free music lesson video from an expert violinist .
8BxFVG_C_bE the yoga bow pose is a great exercise for stretching several muscles that are located in your back . learn some tips on properly executing the bow pose from our professional yoga instructor in this free video .
pHH67KdHYTQ oscar party drinks can be served in little champagne glasses for fun . make party guests feel like stars with tips from an experienced party planner in this free video on party planning .
ql7uTsjHI_I constructive criticism forms a cooperative relationship with people working mutually to succeed . learn to ask for cooperation and form a team when giving constructive criticism from a communications expert in this free communications video .
LBqMiId5_3k scrubbing is an exfoliation process which removes the dead skin cells so the skin breathes openly . scrub the skin gently with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
JuC_cv-Pqy8 learn how to use the black chill to the bone instant card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
U-WrHqOBnJc cleaning small iguana cages requires a simple change of bedding , but large iguana cages outdoors take longer to clean and care for . keep a clean pet iguana cage with tips from a herpetologist in this free video on iguana care .
MwLqcV2PGzA a successful massage therapist makes his or her client comfortable about issues related to menstruation , and communication is key . learn massage therapy etiquette for menstruation from a masseur in this free massage video .
exmNiPdaaHc learn how to avoid completely losing your hand in pinochle in this free video series that will have you mastering pinochle in no time .
iEYKec3omYQ choose summer tops that flatter your figure by picking out colors that help balance your body and conceal perceived flaws . select an outfit thats chic and flattering with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
IWm2j35oyVA there are two ways to cap a carboy in home-brewing . learn about both carboy capping methods with tips from a master brewer in this free video on beverage making .
fuo9S2_x1N0 lip sliding a rail is a great snow ski trick for advanced skiers . learn how to lip slide a rail in this free winter sports video .
JT5By1NS2g4 keep moving on the basketball court . learn how to stay active on offense as a center in youth basketball in this free basketball lesson video from an experienced coach .
bfszdU7yq4I use a chair as an option for the standing mountain pose in yoga . learn how to do a mountain pose in this free standing yoga video from a fitness and yoga instructor .
st0T95IoiJA a frontside noseblunt slide to fakie is similar to the frontside noseblunt but you pop-out 180 degrees the other direction . learn how to master the pop-off for a frontside noseblunt slide on a skateboard in this free video of skateboarding trick tips .
f0NQF-SwXvU when making a curious comfort mixed alcoholic drink , add southern comfort , blue curacao and pineapple juice in a highball glass . create this delicious beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
nrHOAM0G59g start the digesting process with a third of the fruit , mixing in sugar and water . learn how to begin digesting fruit for organic wine at home in this free wine making video .
g6Nk9SdgLWc the 1-3-1 zone defense in basketball is a flexible defense against both outside shots and drives . run a 1-3-1 zone defense with tips from a former semi-pro basketball player in this free video on basketball .
jnfU-55ZelI is my video card working properly ? learn how to test your new video card 's performance in this free video clip .
OC6r9GKgU28 head balance is a vinyasa yoga maneuver that simulates weightlessness , which makes it great for transitioning into the uttanasana standing forward bend . learn how to execute this transition from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
fJg-3Km3D5A trim goat hooves to a flat surface , cutting away dead hoof matter , manure , and debris . learn to trim dairy goat hooves from an organic farmer in this free dairy farming video .
WtqriEtiHQM measure the rice over the pan , so it is not wasted if any spills . cook rice for apricot-ginger shrimp with rice pancakes from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
f6-nMrpbE9Q learn how to teach kids the alphabet with alphabet sound charts , and teach them to learn a word that starts with each letter of the alphabet , in this free home schooling video on education .
jqQiXfV1n1g learn how to read the one of swords in this free fortune-telling video on how to read tarot cards .
GP26EIR1bas fiber paper takes longer to develop , which makes timing more varied and interactive . learn to use different developer types with fiber paper to make photographic prints in a darkroom in this free photography video .
x2E0XnZQyh8 learn tips for chilling cookie dough from an expert baker in this free recipe video about how to make delicious peanut butter chocolate cookies .
dYQ4QJbgMkY phosphate chemicals are great pool supplies for breaking down unwanted algae in swimming pools . maintain clean and healthy water with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
22GlgftNoh8 paint a tiger 's fur on a mural with three dimensions . learn how to paint a wall mural with art lessons from this free video .
SSvSM_CeQu0 cutthroat pool is a game for three players where each player tries to make the other players ' set of five balls . win cutthroat pool by having your balls on the table last with tips from a billiards enthusiast in this free video on the sport of pool .
HH78mglJcnw when swimming the backstroke , get comfortable floating on the back and then incorporate kicking and arm strokes . swim the backstroke with tips from a swimming instructor in this free video swim lesson .
jBNgM_ADTT8 artist often listen to music while painting . let your favorite songs inspire creativity by following the tips in this free painting and drawing lesson from an art instructor .
Nfvf2yI-qOU the elbow punch , in nia , is great for improving the flexibility and mobility in your lower body . learn to perform the elbow punch from a professional nia instructor in this free workout video .
xG_n8O_f8Kk arm measurements for a custom-made dress include sleeve length and the width of the upper arm . learn to take arm measurements for a custom-made dress from a professional seamstress in this free video on custom fashion .
B4cH24d5oYU the key of d on the guitar includes d , g and a chords . play the guitar in the key of d with the tips in this free video music lesson from a professional guitarist .
hDLI9Lb6IO0 by placing portals under turrets they will fall through and be unable to shoot you in orange box 's game portal . learn more tips on avoiding turrets in this free computer gaming video clip .
mostgARP_sg bacon jalapeño pork chops is a great dish the whole family is sure to love . learn how to serve this pork chop recipe with tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
ezpH2vDv47w how to understand letting it breathe in church organ and keyboard ; get expert tips and instruction on playing organs and other musical instruments for church in this free music lesson video .
pa48xPihjeU potter 's open pottery clay to make moquettes by first flattening the top of the clay cone . learn to open clay on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video featuring a professional potter .
36N7DW9WMu4 learn dough ingredients for making gingerbread men from our christmas chef in this free holiday recipe video on making gingerbread man desserts .
rmCe08x9jYg make sure flower colors are the right distance from one another . learn how to set up a flower centerpiece in this free silk flower arranging video from a professional floral designer .
XNFrce-9wFc learn how to attach the grass for a clay mushroom incense burner with expert crafting tips from an experienced artist in this free online hippie crafts video clip .
ZOWjIasVC7o over-tightening a djembe drum will make it hard to check the sound . avoid making djembe drums too tightly with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djembe drum repairs .
fGcgX2F_Epc an outdoor volleyball net can be purchased online if a durable regulation net is desired or at a sporting goods store for a lower quality recreational volleyball net . purchase an outdoor volleyball net with tips from a longtime volleyball player in this free video on volleyball .
f6XnYt7Ry3E ski and snowboard goggles offer more eye protection than sunglasses . find the right pair of snow goggles with tips from a ski & snowboard enthusiast in this free video on proper snow sport gear .
fDph69wPVBA learn the assisted spinal twist pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
CsXHHYei-Ts wedging clay on the wheel for a water bowl and candlestick holder will remove inconsistencies in the clay . learn how to wheel wedge with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
gnwFScbtWPU learn how the background of kempo karate in this free martial arts video from our second degree black belt expert william joseph hill .
tACRtRmvrmk adding lines around the mouth shows the age of a human face . learn to paint lines around a mouth with acrylics in this free painting video from a professional artist .
zCRyfpURiKQ give an introduction in your voicemail greeting to ensure callers they have the right number . record a professional voicemail greeting with tips from a communications specialist in this free phone etiquette video .
6wfZGYTW154 pianos have hundreds of moving parts . learn about all the different parts and features of a piano and how the work in this free video clip on piano lessons .
gjIpxefwYcg learn from our expert how to drive , strive , and lift in the 100m sprint from our expert in this free training video on running the 100m sprint .
OejTi_7BvDw when buying a rotary tool as a gift , consider which attachments work best with regard to the projects being performed . buy a rotary tool as a gift with tips from a home repairman in this free video on home improvements .
us5PFfGC06k keep a toolbox and cleaning supplies available on moving day . learn other supplies needed on moving day with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
PPFKynRyc6U the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a creative pop-up wizard card from scratch in this free video .
-XgR8i8VPXY learn how to beat cream cheese and butter for red velvet cake frosting with expert baking tips in this free dessert video clip .
IaZBbv7soZ4 learn the first rule in hair coloring in this free hair care video clip on beauty and fashion .
XfPTv2pomn4 when replacing a bike 's chain rings , use an allen wrench to remove the five-millimeter screws that hold the chain rings in place . replace bike chain rings with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
gPM9uFz47Ko when playing the swing groove 12 drum beat , displace the eighth notes on the one as well as the and of four . learn more about the swing groove 12 drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
JSt2y7DqGM4 shirt buttons have front sides and back sides . sew a button facing the right side with tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
NVw1sv26k-4 the butterfly stretch in kung fu is a seated stretch that will help loosen the ligaments in the joints and ankles . learn how to execute the butterfly stretch from a professional kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
LALGassu8Wk when canoeing with the disabled , attach the paddle wheels straight across the gunnels of the canoe to maximize efficiency . attach paddle wheels with tips from an experienced canoer in this free video on canoes .
vKkbVQE3XNE learn how to attack between trees in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
cI8-LjND_Hk how to do the walk the dog yo-yo trick in this free video on yo-yo basics..
g_cCqfIxhWE every women 's lacrosse game starts with a draw , and a draw is also used to resume play at the beginning of the second half and after a point is scored . learn how to win a draw in women 's lacrosse in this free sports video lesson .
eflyfJi9EVQ watch child and infant safety car seat tips and learn what to do with a child car seat after a crash in this free video on child safety seats .
QPQ4P_Qz1mQ learn how to do the fish pose when using yoga poses for lower back pain relief in this free exercise video from a hatha yoga instructor .
SxrRczz7-5M writing rap music can be difficult . learn how to write good rap lyrics from this expert in this free video clip .
-MeTTeMJBNc a gift can be a token of appreciation during a wedding anniversary speech . get tips on gifts for wedding anniversary speeches from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
PUjaNNAwKFU before every blood donation , your blood is tested for a variety of reasons . learn about the standard test for donating blood in this free video clip from a blood donation center .
r20QJo-MCH0 kung fu outside block and round kick combinations are used against an opponent 's back fist or front jab . learn kung fu sparring techniques such as the outside block and round kick in this free kung fu fighting video featuring a black belt instructor .
nZgd9gVtY7M scared you may be rejected for blood donation ? learn the reasons for being turned away in this free video clip about how to donate blood .
WSiARxLi5e8 give back-to-school clothes the right look with a well-made , choreographed runway routine . walk the catwalk with a choreographed routine in this free video on modeling choreography .
ed0Bjg17TKk a leg abductor machine is important for both men and women during regular exercise . learn how to workout your legs on a leg abductor machine and gain lateral support with tips from a professional fitness trainer in this free video on healthy exercising .
HgZ3c_8ypb0 when creating chocolate molds , avoid filling the molds too high to prevent damaging the shape . fill chocolate molds correctly with tips from a chocolatier in this free video on chocolate molds .
GYDY9Dyg7Aw one short belly dancing combo uses belly flutters , pops and rolls . combine belly flutters and pops in belly dancing with instructions from a dance director in this free video on belly dancing lessons .
T7nFs1P7GhM learn what blankets and toys are safe for babies to play with inside their cribs in this free video series that will ensure that your child stays safe in every room of your house , including your bedroom .
q5JG-gDa9fQ learn why the right spot for each plant is essential in its development in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
f287kDuKwa8 how to add whipped cream to an italian strawberry dolce dessert ; learn more about making traditional italian food in this free cooking video .
Ht8VLUOlDMc by searching for `` hide myspace blog , '' find a code to paste in the edit profile box that will remove a blog from the page . discover more about hiding the blog section on myspace with tips from a myspace user in this free video about designing a myspace page .
ehCnX1lNkzM are you an arts and crafts nut ? here is a great free decoupage video about adding non-skid surfaces to your decoupage .
GHIuUE9ZYFk leg stretching is one of the most important things to pay attention to in yoga . learn some tips on how to properly do single leg stretches from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
pginasOlmhM the sailor 's delight is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
9uJeMvlCiWo flourishes are a integral part of calligraphy . learn more about stylized lettering in this free calligraphy lettering lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
lAX-qbE53lI learn to make an origami flower base with instructions from a professional artist in this free video on easy origami projects .
f8deWJjeB2Q make a relationship last a lifetime by holding on to memories and tradition that keep the romance steadfast . develop a long lasting relationship with tips from an author of a book on dating in this free video on interpersonal relationships .
6tPFkOOrDwg add half of a red onion to sauteed rosemary shrimp recipes . find out how to add red onions with tips from a professional chef in this free video about easy shrimp recipes .
V5ghP8-BUp4 the whammy guitar effect is similar to an octaver in a high register . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
HGmfxFNEX9I teach your very young kids verbal defenses against kidnappers . learn how to defend against it when the child is too small to fight back from a martial arts expert in this free video clip then show your kids .
ABBBmke7keU a single cappuccino is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
3dmyWjzFBog it 's important , in kung fu , to maintain your center of gravity between your knees when performing the step through . learn more about the step through technique in kung fu from a professional kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
1OH7Hmh6Lcs spoiled fish in turkey ? learn how to seek help for food poisoning in foreign countries in this poison prevention video from a medical professional .
1KSgUxRz5Z8 score and moisten the appropriate tea cup areas before attaching a handle . learn more about attaching handles to tea cups with tips from a pottery expert in this free craft video .
ey-lsIb6VEM the e octave on violin will produce a very soft , subtle ringing sound once the instrument is in tune . learn how to play the e octave as a violin intonation exercise with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
_yLtEqDsXbQ learn about the dangers of using after market car seat parts in this free video on child safety seats .
yJnns8HK3Dk add two cans of chicken broth to a chili verde recipe . mix chicken broth with pork using expert tips from a chef in this free video about homemade chili verde .
uc3R_AAwoK0 learn how to inspect the brake pads on a car to decide if they need to be replaced with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
oALX-CqTBqM your place for family reunion games and ideas ! learn how to choose and set up a piñata for your family reunion in this free planning video from our family reunion authority .
naos1gRZAsI get your radio advertisers some air time . learn how to add value to your radio show in this free series of career advice videos on radio broadcasting .
Wo0JIlhynTw be prepared for attack by knowing how to fight . initially , when the body is threatened , the mind reverts to a fight or flight mode of thinking , which is a subconscious reaction . consciously train your mind and body to be prepared for a fight with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free combat video .
qaKgPf-NVwc how to do the uttanasana forward fold in this free exercise video .
SypFIAz4KKw learn how to finish a scored valentine 's day treat box with expert tips on valentine 's day crafts in this free video .
LMigUBLHiKg mascara lengthens your eyelashes . learn tips for applying mascara in this free video clip about how to apply summer makeup .
oWKRFuI9fnE the 12-8 time signature drum beat is based on a dotted quarter note instead of an eighth or quarter note . play a rock drum beat variation using the bass drum , high hat and snare with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
kjG0k_-irCQ early cuts in carving a wax sculpture are rough and heavy . carve a rough head from wax with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
AXV8QxAWkxY learn how to move two matchsticks through each other at the dinner table in this free magic lesson video .
fuhlbwErntU a good finishing move is a slide to the floor with a strong push off . learn advanced hip hop funk dance moves from a professional instructor in this free dance video series .
CWt-NcdICaA learn how to garnish and serve meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
eyScxFZX3DI in caricatures , the mouth should be drawn by drawing each lip separately . draw a mouth in caricatures with tips from an illustrator and caricaturist in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
LPi8nY3Ak_0 learn how to plant window box container gardens in this free home gardening video . get beginner gardening tips , ideas & advice .
WWarTXjKCLY shaping eyebrows requires finding out how long they should be , as they should align with the inner corner of the eye with the arch peaking diagonally from the iris . use tweezers to get perfectly shaped eyebrows with beauty tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care and makeup .
4MKbQ816r9A the belize rum punch is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
ezWPkFLjP1g tamarind combined with lemon citrus produces the brownish hue that 's used for creating henna dye . learn more about tamarind and henna from our henna expert in this free video .
Dga1xPnNHTQ remounting the license plate light assembly on your trailer is easy with help from a mechanic . learn how to remount the license plate light assembly on a trailer in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
W1-3qnR57S0 the rum swizzle is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
B7tntOOlRmE in billiards , performing trick shots can be useful for making the object ball in the pocket during obscure situations . learn to perform a trick shot with tips from an experienced pool player in this free video on billiards .
NQIbD13axMY wiring cars does n't have to be difficult . learn about electrical wiring in cars in this free video clip .
BIaBjtIjyts get the perfect picture of your pet or other animal with expert tips on pet photography in this free animal photography video .
pHrmzZGw_lQ how to warm up for belly dancing classes in this free video lesson from a professional belly dancer
egotzntbSck extended brush dusters are useful for ceiling fans and lights , tall furniture and high corners . use an extended brush duster with tips from a former housecleaning business owner and operator in this free video on housekeeping .
gkGK0ilYyvg wing tsun chain kicks are useful for deterring and countering an oncoming attacker . learn some tips for executing these kung fu kicks from a professional martial artist in this free video .
S44HFV04Eeg calligraphy inks are available in many different colors . learn more about choosing writing materials in this free calligraphy number lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
pxE2MyFjixk tips for putting the finishing touches on shrimp pasta salad . learn how to add pieces of bacon to the top of the salad to give it some additional flavor in this free recipe video from our professional chef .
O26fesB3KCE there are basics that every new musician should know . learn some great basic tips on how to play the piano in this free music lesson video clip on beginning piano lessons .
RJRxodKS8Hk california lowball flips the rules of regular five-card draw . learn how to play california lowball poker in this free gaming video .
TTfWM9nUBfA fly fishing is one of the oldest forms of fishing . learn about the history of fly fishing and get an overview of how to fly fish in this free fishing video guide .
HI77uab2CxQ the casa noble margarita is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
JPtzUS6b0wk learn how to measure your dog with a tape measure to build a dog bed ; learn more measuring tips in this free pet care video for building a dog bed .
S8pZgPcN1BE learn to fold an origami turtle with instructions from a professional artist in this free video about paper folding crafts .
4kzqhl2qKQc free pro tools tutorial ! learn how to export audio with expert tips and advice on sound editing in this free video .
hVnuhuV78iU adding dumbbells to squat exercises makes them harder to do . strengthen the core muscles using dumbbell squats with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on basic exercise equipment .
JS2-butAcTo check pockets before ironing pants . prepare pants properly for ironing with expert tips in this free clothing care video .
17bYgVw-QKg a single crocheted triangle starts with one chain . crochet a triangle with tips from a needlework specialist in this free video on hand crafts .
VRKeo6m3mMQ in general , cartilage piercings , such as the ear and nose , and nipple piercings are the most painful . however , discover ways to prepare for the pain of piercing , such as taking medication or using a topical numbing agent , in this free video from an experienced piercer on body modifications .
i0e-FdW-xzo learn how to get your own business cards made and get expert tips and advice on dealing with business cards in this free instructional video .
ez9_he04234 when doing laundry , learn the different dials to properly configure the wash settings . learn more about dials with tips in this free video on laundry .
gdpzjepU4AM combine plug-ins from the control 24 control surface and pro tools software . edit the parameters of tracks , using the control 24 mixing console in connection with pro tools software , with free video tips from a professional audio engineer and music producer .
PXLjCVXObzE an introduction to the d flat scale shows briefly how one scale can be utilized to get the most out of it , as our professional bass guitar player and composer explains in this free music instruction video .
fJYRYCxKeKI closing a spoken word story needs to have a few things including a conclusion and possibly reiteration of the beginning in some cases . learn how and when to do this from a professional musician in this free video .
ccPmFOOMIxE learn how to file a man 's nails in this free men 's hygiene and grooming video clip .
MNt-f37zfNc defining and polishing is key to a good wax sculpture . carve a head out of wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
y5t-Af1-nlI wedge your clay by hand for a ceramic herb planter to remove any air bubbles . learn how to wedge your clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
-kplAoV3Uw4 learn tips on how to choose the right mountain bike in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable mountain biker .
Z5mVO5HFjT0 using henna dye cones will help you distribute the dye more accurately . learn more about henna dye cones from our henna expert in this free video .
0hZ19lx19VU the spin move is a simple but very effective football move for running backs . learn tips on how to do a proper spin move in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
x3mZDGEvU0w the bronx silver cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
lTiig1zKcrI you need a triathlon swim workout plan to condition your body ; learn how to train for the triathlon swim in this free sport competition video .
N3KVqhXwgbg learn how to use hand straps on accordions in this free video series that will show you how to identify the different parts of the accordion and how to play it correctly .
jQK-S45UG1s the kick serve , or topspin serve , gives you a greater margin for error , especially on your second serve . learn about kick serves in tennis from a professional instructor in this free sports video .
UTByDXnI4j8 how to cut wings for making cajun style tangy sticky chicken wings ; learn more about traditional cajun food in this free cooking video .
fCKlgzrUfSM learn how to serve the lasagna and caesar salad for a delicious meal in this free italian food recipe video on making lasagna and caesar salad .
JN2ivSBeTvY pilates balls allow for adaptive pilates exercises to be done at home . work out at home with tips on adaptive pilates from a fitness trainer in this free functional exercise video .
fDgBs5nCFtY to hang heavy objects on walls , install connectors that will hold a large amount of weight and will self-thread into the wall , and make sure the picture or mirror has a chain or picture wire . locate the center of where the object will hang and then easily straighten the object on the picture wire with instructions from a remodeling contractor and home repair specialist in this free video on hanging pictures .
lzEM3dqoDs0 learn how to buy fresh cucumbers at the grocery store with expert healthy eating tips in this free online grocery shopping video clip .
d8iVm1yAok0 get six pack abs with crunches and exercise ; learn great exercises for fitness on the beach in this free video .
kWW0qQI1DXA good paint brushes are important for oil painting . learn how to pick quality oil paint brushes in this free art lesson video .
REe4tdz2BgI do n't stand still and watch your shot . recover immediately . hit and go . learn how to recover for the next shot in tennis footwork from a professional instructor in this free sports video .
nyBHtkpFMrY using chicken salami and garnishes , learn to make a hot chicken salami sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
fKiEoCe9nv4 step-ups are excellent exercises for strengthening legs and gluteus muscles . practice step-ups with tips from a certified trainer in this free video on fitness .
fEszw00QaDs a commercial modeling career is full of funny moments when advertising for strange products . hear about one commercial model 's funniest moment in this free video on career information .
UuRv8fRwnDM establish routine before you serve in tennis . learn more techniques for serve preparation in this free tennis lesson video from a professional tennis instructor .
exb6rSulSRo snoots clip on strobes to narrow your light source for increased control and circular pattern . learn about snoots in this free video on studio equipment for photography .
OxfJWXMi1qc the kung fu twisting punch is an excellent kung fu technique - learn how to throw a twisting punch in this free online kung fu video lesson .
H-veGxYn1Vo what parts of a rapier sword come up in fencing classes . learn the parts of a rapier sword and a dagger in this free stage combat video .
f4InZs3iOHg mixing soil uses organic matter to stir up a good amount of compost , manure and nutrients for planting crops and flowers . mix soil for organic gardening with a professional permaculture gardener in this free video on mass propagation of food crop seedlings .
vs8YAf3m1Ig learn how to add hot peppers to a creole shrimp sausage recipe with expert cooking tips in this free creole cuisine video clip .
KarqttRpUTA scroll chucks are used as an alternative to face plates . learn how to use a scroll chuck from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
Wr86mUxzsv4 learn how to shred turkey for making turkey cornbread dressing from our expert in this free holiday recipe video on making turkey cornbread dressing .
rQLmd5DLG50 before weaving a rug , you 'll need a frame loom . learn about rug weaving and how to weave with a frame loom in this free video .
dSpyx4RK8es moving one musical note up two frets on the neck of the guitar will produce a major second interval . learn more about the major second interval and guitar from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
OIpFFTb-H5M knee or hip extensions and arm external rotations with rubber exercise tubing are great for softball players and anyone who wants to increase the strength of their shoulders and legs . learn how to do this combination elastic tubing exercise in this free fitness video lesson .
KsrxPLDHcEM learn how to play bass guitar scale tabs in g flat from our expert in this free music video on playing g flat ( gb ) scales on bass guitar .
y-NcojJmsHU tangram games are great tyo be played in the classroom . learn how to this chinese shapes game is fun , exciting and instructional for kids in this free video clip .
PUoDrD7Dj_E in kickboxing , a rear uppercut is usually thrown to the body or the head . hit a kickboxing opponent by using a rear uppercut punch with tips from a fourth-degree black belt in this free video on martial arts techniques .
oJeB_K8-XS4 ingredients you 'll need to make the guacamole for the chicken casserole ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about easy meals taught by expert chef laura banford .
fEljKVCCXWA greenery is used in a tea cup flower arrangement to enhance the design . pick greenery for a tea cup flower arrangement with tips from a floral designer in this free video on flower arrangements .
1zml9da7N2Y interested in buying a digital camera ? learn about the different kinds of compact or power shoot digital cameras in this free video clip about taking professional digital pictures .
kfjxdsGnDEI more on how to play `` tears in heaven '' by eric clapton on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on reading and playing guitar tablature in this free music lesson video .
ez2bCEZMTgc learn how to handle your cell phone during a job interview with expert interviewing tips in this free online career related video clip .
TkTPUylpU4A improv games such as opera are great for stretching your imagination and comedy skills . here is a great game to play not only to practice your reaction skills but also to entertain audiences .
kR7Wu6K__5o treat lower back pain from running by having a professional monitor your running style , and by performing crunches and bridges to help loosen up the related muscles . ease tension in the hamstrings and glutes caused by running with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on exercising .
fHSbE3Q-Bho learn how to pack away christmas nativity figures from a lifestyle expert in this free video on home organization and storage .
TY_I1dhu5Dk learn about pull squat presses for exercising with an undulation rope workout in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
568SzGXdsvE how to play phrases one and two of the guitar solo on hank williams ' ' i 'm satisfied with you ' ; get professional tips and instruction on playing guitar for pop songs in this free music lesson video .
fJCKA1t85LU do n't remove the oregano leaves from the stems because the stems are soft . learn how to make sherry cream chicken from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
SWuI1DcM_CY a dome skirt is an unusual skirt design that domes out and then comes back in , adding extra volume . learn how to draw a dome skirt design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
wVYH4tI-Ni8 the acupuncture star needles are typically used for large areas such as the spine . learn more about star needles and acupuncture from our medical expert in this free video .
RCh88wIzt7U moisturizing the skin for a vitamin c facial firms and tones the skin . learn about vitamin c moisturizer with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
fHyWp4FMZZA a single americano is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
f7PTZwuPqPg prepping the baking dish and adding the macaroni and cheese mixture to the dish in preparation for the oven ; learn tips , tricks and suggestions in this free online cooking video taught by expert chef emory davis .
N7E1O1p9x0g relieve tension in your shoulders with simple stretches . find out how to stretch your shoulders with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about stretching exercises .
u29Jh7LMjrw have you heard this phrase ? come seven , come eleven ? baby needs a new pair of shoes ? and then someone throws a pair of dice . well , that is craps . learn how to play craps without betting in this free gaming video .
sQCK6rceWmw learn more tips for throwing a bowling ball in this free video clip from an expert bowler on how to bowl .
j0LLfVgPtas chorus adds multiple sounds together to create spacey sounds in logic pro . learn more about expanding your mix in logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
fKFP7kpoT9E how to shape clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
z11ytQ3htDo tone your muscles with resistance exercise bands . learn how to do one arm row bands in this free exercise video clip from a personal trainer .
EvE31d_5kus workout by stepping on and off an elevated step . learn how to get in shape with outdoor exercises in this free fitness video .
RtgzqnKMzX8 the black sect tantric buddhism feng shui school applies classic principles to modern living . find out about black sect tantric buddhism feng shui school with information from a certified feng shui consultant in this free video on feng shui and home decoration .
iXHbYPn18Ag using color in pastel paintings to create perceptual contrasts is an important artistic technique . learn how to use color in pastel paintings in this free video .
FhYcVmq53cw chop onions for prosciutto rosemary chicken into a fine mince . learn how to mince onions with tips from an expert chef in this free culinary video .
f-C9Pe3cLPM grooming and preparation are essential for alpaca shows . learn how to prepare an alpaca for an alpaca show in this free farm animal video .
hEqSOmLuOPw marking the foot taper of the sail lets you make the foot of the sail properly . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
zl_2NYDL1P4 drawing happy cartoon expressions requires drawing a smile in both the mouth and the eyes . learn to draw happy cartoon facial expressions from an artist in this free cartooning video .
fGy09O9vsHQ turn out the lights on the drug lab when playing hitman : blood money video game ; get expert tips on sneaking in the dark and playing xbox video games in this free computer gaming video clip .
f6_ObBWGCrw an antiques expert explains the best places to find ruby flash glass antiques in this free video on collecting antiques .
8DxYrt0AIg0 jumping rope is a traditional exercise for endurance , agility , and speed ; practice agility training for sports or martial arts in this free workout video .
n6NVxakHZqM wiring from a trailer to a truck provides brake and tail lights . connect truck trailer electrical wiring with tips from a custom car repairman in this free auto maintenance video .
CX4GqUMJ_Tc giving a dog treats such as hot dogs makes training a dog to sit on a box very easy . learn how to train a dog to sit on a box in this free video on dog training .
1WBCCizVDUo support your team at baseball games and learn to sing `` take me out to the ballgame . '' learn how to cheer at baseball games and how to enjoy the game in this free baseball video .
egfSFWLabQI patients who utilize traditional chinese medicine , or tcm , often wonder about the safety of herbs they 're taking . learn about herbal safety from a registered herbalist in this free alternative medicine video .
QpF3rf0yanY learn the technique for an inner sweep in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
pNwAD9Fp3u0 learn how to do the drop down hula hooping trick in this free hula hoop workout video .
xuMyf5_sudU forward lunges with leg cuffs and a coaster are challenging exercises for the legs and abs . learn how to do forward lunges using an exercise coaster and cuffs with tips from a personal trainer in this free fitness video .
7I8usco77RY drum rods are a great alternative to the attack of sticks . learn how to hold them with an american grip in this free video .
f0JMuh34O6g when packing clothes for travel or a vacation , it 's important to check the weather of the place that you 're going and to bring layers . get more tips on picking clothes for a vacation in this free educational video .
ewBrNsyY82Q measuring audience cultural characteristics should be done first . learn how to analyzing cultural qualities from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
Xb4KI3ICIf4 learn how to apply patina to stained glass when creating the perfect stained-glass design . learn more about stained-glass creations in this free video series .
f0iqABgOqpw loose-filled beanbags are useful for juggling . you may also use tight-filled beanbags , stage balls or russian balls . learn about juggling balls and bags in this free recreation video .
ktzCdzkGBgk making a list of all of your equipment and doing counts every time you move it are two ways to keep track of your instruments while traveling on tour . learn more in this free music and travel instructional video .
rDhNxSRDREU learn how to start creating the center stem of an origami azalea with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
sfr_bJIn_4E the dhanurasana is also known as the bow pose . learn about a yoga dhan back bend pose in this free exercise video from a yoga teacher .
Ld8TI9440u0 the praying mantis small bow stance is half the distance of a long bow stance . learn how to do the praying mantis kung fu small bow stance in this free video on northern praying mantis kung fu techniques .
umLUYuhRvNM more ways how to embroider on a reversible teddy bear explained in this free stuffed animal video .
n3-_3f3E5Y4 exposure modes for a digital camera include programmable , aperture priority , and shutter priority modes . learn about different digital modes with tips from a camera enthusiast in this free photography video .
exB4k4myyiE rolling the joints , in tai chi , is a great for relieving stress and warming up the body . learn some tips for rolling your joints from a professional tai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
v4nlhWTPAnA watch how to play g minor 7th chords on the saxophone , plus get ideas for how to improvise using the g minor 7th chord , in this free music lesson on video .
o4B1hibFjNg when traveling by train from philadelphia to harrisburg , contact usa rail or log onto the amtrak web site from rates and travel information . purchase tickets and travel through the beautiful countryside with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on train travel .
gzHP25oI84E basil is a versatile herb that requires quite a bit of moisture and pruning . care for a basil plant with tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
fClqAXwjimE one of the quickest and easiest ways to get information on ocd is to hop on the internet . learn how to live with ocd , or obsessive compulsive disorder , from a licensed social worker in this free health video .
qtDfYy-WHek on the deck of a skateboard , grip tape is used to provide traction for the feet when performing tricks . learn the other parts of a skateboard from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
f1G44iILAD0 in five-card draw poker , each player is dealt five cards and has the opportunity to bet and exchange cards to try for the highest hand . understand five-card draw poker , which is considered the classic poker game , with instructions from an experienced card player in this free video on poker games .
fFLpfn_NGM4 learn from our expert chef his own interesting history and story of how he got into baking in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
fChUL5jb3zA each parent typically wants to take their child with them on a vacation . learn how arrange vacations after a divorce with tips from a childcare psychology expert in this free child care video .
G47HiZceK8E learn how to do the ice skaters exercise from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video .
Wye_SvPDKAM wood turning is a wood craft that uses a lathe , chucks and other tools to sculpt and shape wood . start turning wood with tips from an expert wood turner in this free video on wood crafts .
zKkcaE7lKks changing a name is something that most individuals can do without the help of a lawyer . legally change a name with forms from the local county clerk 's office with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
e_rSpqka4GI information on ingredients you need to make an oregano salad dressing for greek salad . for this recipe , you 'll need olive oil , red wine vinegar , lemon , oregano , garlic , salt and pepper in this free online cooking video .
-QWgpJAkWRM the amount of steps needed to reach a squash ball is all about distance and timing . learn about front right corner movement and covering the court in three steps with this free video on squash drills .
eTbYYTVGYaQ doing voice-overs for audio books allows an actor to use a lot of variety . learn about audio books for voice-over artists or actors from a professional speaker in this free narration video .
15PLq6aiL4M heavy pressure loosens up muscle tissue and increases blood circulation in horses . learn to massage a horse with heavy pressure in this free horse care video from a professional equine massage practitioner .
xLjTAULqsIY in kung fu , the steel stance is primarily used for advancing forwards without transferring the body weight entirely through the position . practice the steel stance technique with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
NZnl0Oy7tOg the bathroom is a common place for child predators to make their move , get expert tips and advice on child safety in this free video .
gDXMhFMxEhc downswings and upswings in poi spinning can be emphasized to change the beat of the movements . concentrate on upswings and downswings with tips from a fire performer in this free video on fire entertainment .
NoNN1qRJtr8 how to improvise on jazz piano in the key of bb minor , including tips and techniques ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
ioqx5Rs6fBI how to snap start a dead yo-yo in this free yo-yo video .
d7gKcdi-S2c learn how to install a car tire and tighten the lug nuts in this free auto repair video .
iYmArbjETeA learn how to change levels with helicopter spins in speed chuck training from our expert in this free training video on doing advanced nunchuck moves .
fwbk-vXdB7M affirm hair relaxer is made by the company avlon , and it is a great product to use because it reinforces the strength of the hair after the relaxer and it brings back elasticity to each follicle . use affirm products as a reliable relaxer with professional advice from a hair designer and color specialist in this free video on hair care .
X-3Ul3n8uXs learn how food allergies affect sleep patterns with expert sleeping tips in this free online healthy living video clip .
fANx5ij1kd4 learn how to put on the finishing touches when building a kids art easel in this free instructional art video .
-KwD6fgAM0c watch an expert chef discuss how much it costs to make an american potato salad in this free side dish cooking class on video .
Q4PKmeHQTT4 resistance is key when doing biceps curls with exercise tubing . strengthen the biceps by doing curls using exercise tubing with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on basic exercise equipment .
s4PfTXwrxs8 most people hold a violin bow with all fingers but a strong grip on the bow can be done without the pinkie finger . learn more about bow holds without the pinkie finger for violin with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
sWCGP1yzUhg the mixing mechanism of a radio control helicopter is made up of parts similar to that of a full-scale aircraft . assemble the mixing mechanism for a 500-class radio control helicopter with tips from an aviation and aeronautics specialist in this free video on hobbies .
hXqyei2L2wk introducing the concepts behind mixed martial arts ground fighting self-defense applications .
ehQMYRYrlpM learn the benefits of self hypnosis and how the process can help with expert hypnosis tips in this free online self hypnosis video clip .
Fw-PlPcfYjY learn how to cook eggs for an easy gimbap sushi recipe with expert cooking tips in this free korean sushi video clip .
AjnYDfDcwSY many web sites offer dvd clubs that allow people to buy dvds for a reduced price , such as columbiahouse.com and filmmovement.com . become a better actor or actress by researching film and acting with dvds from a club with tips from a professional actress and acting coach in this free video on dvd clubs .
55-Z3lvhHBg acting auditions are an important step in landing an acting job . get tips for giving a professional acting audition in this free video clip from a professional theater director .
HgJ6sgXpmY4 keep the tempo and flare up your dance moves with the hook step . find out more about the hook step from a professional dance instructor in this free video .
U8v1j5yBtjM learn tips for spackling a wall that you plan to paint with this free video clip .
fyyg6UCc-nI learn how to use a pre-made hoop to craft hoop wire jewelry hoop earrings with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
SvqY_N7phjA the simple round or jewel neckline is a small swoop in a fashion illustration . learn to draw round or jeweled necklines for fashion illustration in this free fashion design video .
r8UwCaDZ2HQ teach your kids how to defend against the bear hug lift attack and other kidnapping techniques . learn how to defend against it first from a martial arts expert in this free video clip then show your kids .
o5vgdqRkia8 supplement a car hop character with the right 1950 's music . learn how to act as a 1950 's car hop in this free video on theater and performance .
sYpXGGFKEOA time stretching allows you to extend the length of a song without changing its pitch . learn more mixing tips in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
o5rZBPYisVg how to play `` crazy train '' by ozzy osbourne on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on reading and playing guitar tablature in this free music lesson video .
kgVcxx7P8wg final stage of making puppet wrist control . learn about putting the finishing touches on a bunraku puppet arm control in this free puppetry lesson from an expert puppeteer .
fKW7XreD5gc set up a second crash cymbal stand for a drum set ; learn how with expert tips from our drummer in this free drum tutorial video on percussion instruments .
oU5HxWxcm84 watch as a seasoned professional explains how to use astrology to find romance in this free online video about compatibility .
fB33NsuFbV0 there are different types of campfires for cooking , keeping warm , lighting an area , and making a signal . learn about different types of campfires from an eagle scout in this free camping video .
IloiEvV75Zo watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates the correct amount of bedding to put in a reptile terrarium in this free online video about reptile care .
Iyi2xeAA2fo learn the importance of the cast size for a play with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
kQAud9X2uwg method for plopping the second color you 'll use for your abstract painting on wood ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson about abstract painting taught by expert david a. clemen .
qgkybwWlYd4 teach your children from home ; learn about learning styles to consider for homeschooling in this free home schooling video from an experienced teacher and education curriculum expert .
fxf3fnCFOzk when dealing with watercolor pencils , keep a pencil sharpener handy and maintain a sharp point in order to create delicate and detailed lines . sharpen watercolor pencils with tips from an award-winning artist in this free video on watercolor pencils .
lA69LJX-38c finding an acting monologue can be done online at dramabookshop.com or at the local library . get a monologue that fits the right gender , age group and character traits with tips from a professional actress and acting coach in this free video on acting .
jsSLl7_6Do8 the more you sell or donate , the easier the move will be . learn about what to keep and what to get rid of in a move with expert tips in this free moving video .
GyUoVVz0nEY flare leg fashions elongate the legs and thin the body . draw fashion for flare leg pants in this fashion illustration video series with a fashion designer .
QTYBL3SlVAk starting a teleprompting business requires knowledge of the competition , the technology and the skill itself . start a teleprompting business with tips from a teleprompter service specialist in this free video on broadcasting and entertainment .
JsIWwtZF6JY get a demonstration on how to color a yorkshire terrier 's fur in this free video clip .
fD_yf3_pleQ how to grow house plants without soil ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
f2H9zitdXIw a yoga warrior two pose starts with a low lunge . find out how to do warrior two poses with expert tips from a yoga instructor in this free video about basic yoga positions .
f8hbTj14Ihw how to add dressing for apple rice salad ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
f2ZZxYuAJxc get some expert tips and advice on how to choose some dough for making bagels in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
iHbVK4LqOOc finding the best drum set depends on the type of music being played , with lots of drums and cymbals for metal or hard rock and a simpler set for folk or rock . consider ibanez drums or a ludwig set depending on the music style with advice from a musician in this free video on instruments .
rtQ_NqvIZfQ follow the red markers to more pistons in orange box 's game portal ; learn more tips on jumping on pistons and shooting portals in this free computer gaming video clip on video games .
gOdMT-G5X2U learn the chinese symbols for agriculture with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
QfAaiUWBaYg learn how to add meatballs to meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
qMiKhix8yOg learn how to do lateral pull downs exercise with a kinesis system in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the kinesis system .
Xj_g0XHnG80 supplies and ingredients you 'll need to make the roux for your macaroni and cheese dish ; learn tips , tricks and suggestions in this free online cooking video taught by expert chef emory davis .
exJcDn5c5UQ patience and proportions are helpful skills in calligraphy . learn about calligraphy and tips for writing ' p ' words from a calligrapher in this free art video .
f7VJbHIWuEc jazz drummers need to have the ability to play different patterns at the same time . play a ride pattern on a snare drum with the music tips in this free video lesson on playing the drums from an experienced jazz drummer .
MMuFV-A20dA a pool table that will only be used in the home can have thinner slate since it will not get as much play . know the importance of slate thickness when buying a pool table with tips from a billiards enthusiast in this free video on the sport of pool .
IGFp6V5VsXg what tools do i need to replace steel brake lines ? learn how to replace a truck 's steel brake lines , brake line removal , and custom brake lines in this free car maintenance video .
LIGJnCufZSM lighting tips from professional electrician . learn about installing wireless home lighting system in this free home security video from a professional electrician .
Imewx97eiE4 learn the revolved triangle pose for partner yoga in this free exercise video on beginning partner yoga poses class for health and fitness .
wDfi24fqcKM learn how to master cross patterns in juggling in this free video series that teaches you the proper techniques for learning how to juggle .
iCegzuysaa0 a runway model is in the spotlight as soon as he or she steps onto the runway . step onto the catwalk like a runway model in this free modeling video .
HWud4ber_0o drums are very versatile instruments . learn how to play many different drum strokes with brushes in this free video .
jIQzsUvSK4E horses with calm temperaments will be easier to deal with during equine massage . learn more about how horse temperament affects equine massage with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
EiofPNoGTZQ test strips help photographers select the enlarger settings to make a print . learn to use a test strip to make a photographic print in a darkroom in this free photography video .
fxmKT5jDilM in youth basketball , a good defensive player should maintain good balance at all times . show a team how to become better defensive players using the coaching tips in this free video lesson on youth basketball from an experienced coach .
ezvP_trD6O8 how to measure your neck for a tuxedo rental ; get professional tips and advice on tuxedos and other formal wear for special occasions in this free fashion video .
VDZP-yA5jWs learn when compost heaps or compost bins are ready depending on the temperature and climate and learn about using mulch in this free gardening video .
Oa_Ea62CFpU from umbrellas and q-tips to magnification make-up mirrors , get tips on items that come in handy on vacations but that most people do n't think to pack , in this free travel packing video guide .
gosCYV0wqAE let our drawing expert help you with tips on how to decide what to draw in this free video art lesson .
mc4wznnhUjo properly folding your t-shirts will help prolong their use , while keeping them looking clean and new . learn some tips to help you fold your t-shirts correctly from a house cleaner in this free housekeeping video .
oqDMEs4NUNU when installing a vinyl fence , attach the latch after hanging the gate on hinges . learn more insider tips for installing a vinyl fence in this free video about fence installation from a fence company employee .
LHzi0T70P94 learn how to insert a sim card in an iphone along with the other great features that come with it in this free computers and modern electronics video clip .
-p9aOduoRy0 using paradiddles is easy with these tips , get expert advice on drum skills in this free video .
U5CXb_bI1rE the ipu instrument is often combined with hawaiian dance steps , such as the hela step . combine the ipu with hawaiian dance moves with tips from a dance instructor in this free video on hawaiian dancing .
okLl5h60cO4 what are some reasons for ironing clothing ? learn about why you should iron clothes and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
TNDMntK_VuM calligraphy reproduction is an important step that your final project hinges on because flaws are magnified after they are printed . learn tips on the reproduction process and the proper steps to take in this free video clip with a calligraphy expert .
kPl1qe7SgXc caring for your puppy 's teeth , ears and nails at a young age will get your dog used to regular exams and grooming . learn more about how to care for puppy teeth , ears and nails with tips from a veterinarian in this free puppy care video .
vStmN58Sbnc transverse friction massage is basically moving the skin with fingers over or across muscle fibers . give or receive a transverse friction massage with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
ef3msmgGICE the foreground will be easier to see in real life so in your design the foreground will be darker . learn how to airbrush a desert scene on a t-shirt in this free hobby video .
uAigsmZazwk good nutrition will benefit your digestive system . learn about eating healthy with fermented foods , improving digestion , and general nutrition in this free video .
PekmlBeIk9w learn about the journey of an audition song or monologue for a broadway audition with expert performance tips in this free online broadway related video clip .
g-V7nCgCahQ when sharpening woodturning tools with a grinder , use the low speed . learn more tips for sharpening woodturning tools in this free woodworking video from a wood shop expert .
WOjYQbK9-nE dental floss is used most efficiently when wrapped around the fingers and wiggled between each tooth in a c-shaped motion . floss the teeth every day , followed by a good brushing , with information from a dental technician in this free video on oral health .
JFV3MdeKB1Y bunny is an improv game that 's energetic and fast-paced . learn the improv comedy game bunny in this free theater acting video from a teacher of improvisation .
rqt73hdZsbM using feng shui ba-gua is easier if the diagram is committed to memory . work with feng shui ba-gua with tips from a certified feng shui consultant in this free video on feng shui ba-gua and home decorating .
wQbUg2U4O7k problems occur when you do n't have control approaching the ramp or coping . learn how to avoid mistakes in a switch pivot grind from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
xGVTfKrUk8I a 360 dunk in basketball , while never necessary , can impress people and get a player noticed . do a 360 dunk with tips from a former semi-pro basketball player in this free video on basketball .
CkPW0aOVxmQ in yoga , practicing mediation and mindfulness is a great way to unwind and alleviate stress . learn more about meditation and mindfulness from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
59AXZi4Xc6Y spinning kamas with your fingers should be done at the balancing point . learn how to spin kamas with your fingers in this free video on martial arts weapons training .
uvwqOm_kPlw learn how to sew the outer pieces on to a handmade purse with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
GGh8knFY2rw attack both the forearm and wrist when disarming from the inside . learn how to defend against a straight stab with an edged weapon in this free martial arts video .
f-y7FF5mM9M in this free video clip , learn what size of hole to dig when planting gardenias in your garden .
vXIzTs0td1c becoming a web designer first involves signing up for a host for web space and uploading created images from a home computer . discover web design with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
wC2LkTfplGo the bean plant , front side power slide and back side power slide are old-school skateboard tricks that were developed in the mid- to late-'80s and early '90s . learn old school skateboard tricks with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
jKx8gih1kN0 violins , as with most instruments , have several octaves of range and knowing where those octave notes are is important when improvising . learn tips on violin octaves from a music expert in this free video clip .
fz6XzPxdo-0 partner stretches are great for increasing flexibility . learn how to do stretch with a partner in this free fitness video .
fqEO3MuTlEE the caribbean punch is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
nZvx5YDHWKk the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn how to read an a minor scale arpeggio on sheet music in this free video clip series .
mbaA38lZ1V4 hand spreaders allow gardeners to efficiently spread plant seeds . learn about gardening with hand spreaders from an award-winning horticulturist in this free home landscaping video .
u1CC-ToozM4 learn how to label the parts of a chair being repaired , with expert tips and advice on refurbishing antiques from a professional woodworker in this free video .
-16vetbMkkI using your hands to create the final feather effect for your clay eagle sculpture . learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
IJaNEo56SBM a couch should be replaced every three to four years . learn how to upgrade furniture for the home in this free video .
dMXoLrARE3o check your clean laundry before putting it in the dryer . learn how to wash colored laundry in this free video on cleaning clothes .
fuOE3OQ6GMA twisting hair is done by starting with a small section of hair , twisting it tightly and gradually adding pieces into the twist until reaching the nape of the neck . style hair into a large roll twist with creative ideas from a professional hair and makeup artist in this free video on hairstyles .
iBJysm2iR-A in order to shape eyebrows , clip the hair on the top and use tweezers to get rid of the rest of the unwanted hair . keep the natural line of the arch in an eyebrow with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on eyebrow grooming .
xLuYcUnKupM the kwanzaa principle of ujamaa focuses on building community businesses together . learn about the principles of kwanzaa in this free holiday celebration video from an authority on african-american culture .
i5BZhtfWI80 modeling poses with crossed legs or feet space the legs apart and focus on the narrow waist . learn to pose with crossed feet like a fashion magazine model in this free modeling video .
psfF_4UZxj4 how to chop the garlic for making ratatouille ; get expert tips on making authentic french food recipes in this free cooking video .
fxhy0lt3T6M learn about progressive scoring in pinochle in this free video series that will have you mastering pinochle in no time .
MqN-rT3zOtE stretching is very important in all martial arts including aikido . learn how to do the cobra stretch from an aikido expert in this free martial arts video clip .
rUUR9SlBpB0 a job interview is a formal meeting between a potential employee and employer or a potential employer . learn about the definition of job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
SSeRmv4jtjM one of the most painful hockey penalties . learn definition of a high sticking hockey penalty in this free hockey rules video from a hockey coach .
ridTM1Yt-wU get to know about jack daniel 's american whiskey ; learn more about making and serving cocktails in this free instructional video .
eyezzlkspuA a symphony conductor music be familiar will all the time signatures of a score . learn more about keeping time for an orchestra in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor and composer .
ypPHv3PrlBY smart playlists set parameters for playlists and automatically add songs to that playlist ; learn how to create smart playlists in itunes in this free itunes video lesson about downloading music , videos , tv programs and movies .
GPrp5X7LNWE mary had a little lamb '' is a very well-known song that should be easier to learn on violin than a lesser known one and this is important to realize when choosing songs to learn . watch this free video of an experienced and educated musician and learn some great tips on how to play harmony parts for this song on the violin quickly and easily .
hR8ygEdCrIA the calendar icon on an iphone is found on the home page , and different types of pre-loaded calendars can be selected that include holidays and events specific to that calendar . view the calendar feature , adding events and viewing it by the month or by the day , with tips from a digital technology specialist in this free video on the iphone .
jLxbTI7hLNU add exercise tubing during a stairmaster workout for arm and leg cardio . receive a beneficial step machine workout with tips from a group fitness instructor in this free video on exercise equipment .
6K16_iXPtd8 get ready to carve a wooden flute with these helpful tips . learn about cutting flutes out of wood in this free wood carving video .
MZbmnVGfsyc video production is easy if you have the right equipment . learn tips for charging the battery in a video camera in this free video clip about the basics of a canon xh a1 video camera .
Jkav6b2v__U learn how to add banana liqueur to a bananas foster dessert recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
kUAuYaSn0tg going in a wushu for a butterfly kick is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts in this free video .
NE0ltNFI9Ps learn how to maintain hair coloring over gray hair with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
fF-11ulCPTE attitude and tone of voice go a long way making criticism beneficial and acceptable . learn to have a positive tone of voice when giving constructive criticism from a communications expert in this free communications video .
N2D4Zgzaqo4 planting and growing ice plant , also known as lampranthus , makes a great ground cover with bright purple flowers . grow ice plant with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
f2hBR-lMGVo learn from our appetizer chef and restaurant owner how to serve , and mostly enjoy chicken artichoke turnovers in this free pastry recipe video on making chicken artichoke turnovers .
ZsJk-Ppi5LE buy ginjo sake from web sites and sushi restaurants . find out where to buy ginjo sake in this free video ginjo sake guide from a master sake sommelier .
58iZqJ8lDkI gem crafting is a character profession in `` world of warcraft '' . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
f1R7MZSlOOg demonstration of the size difference and the difference in cooking times between black beans and pinto beans ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
lnoNj3sc-aY the dragonfly 's head should be wider than the dragonfly 's body . learn how to make a paper dragonfly in this free crafts video .
sfYZs0inXHg the biedermeier style refers to aspects of everyday life , comfort and family . learn about biedermeier with tips from an art historian in this free fine art video .
Hobff0pbs9M there are several reasons your clarinet may not be playing including damage to the mouthpiece or an out of place adjustment screw . learn more reasons your clarinet may not play with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free clarinet maintenance video .
_UzCxkzH4YA film used in a polaroid pinhole camera is polaroid 669 film . load film into a polaroid pinhole camera with tips from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
KyOVw1-CcPs to decorate a bead picture frame , create bead designs by using glue . learn to make bead designs on frames with craft tips from an art teacher in this free video about bead craft projects .
TAWFxx0ZC90 learn about supplies for sexy nurse halloween costumes with costume tips from a makeup expert in this free halloween video .
f1keLsmuB9o smiling is a good response to compliments and praise . take a lesson in manners and how to behave in business in this free business etiquette video .
yXWQffsMQoc teaching your bird to talk requires talking to the bird with repetition of words or phrases the bird likes to mimic . teach a bird to talk with tips from a bird caretaker in this free video on birds .
gCH8abQ8dN0 now that everything is ready to go , learn how to serve chicken and rice with dump cake in this free cooking video on making chicken and rice with dump cake .
ty6mw4dgVRo a round house kick in self defense is a really effective strike against an attacker . learn how to do round house kicks with tips from a martial arts expert in this free women 's self defense video .
eznAimakMwI sponging faux paint requires dipping a sea sponge in the paint or glaze , offloading excess and then pressing the sponge against the wall , blending different textures and paint colors . find out why it 's important not to force the sponge on the wall when applying faux paint finishes with information from an interior designer and decorative artist in this free video on faux finishes .
R0rI1rW7boE the reverse layup in basketball is a great shot to use when the defense is playing low , and to master the reverse layup , make sure to know where the opposing team members are . learn to interchange hands while doing the basketball reverse layup in this free video from a semiprofessional basketball player .
pwRodjtkbls how to get the perfect radio voice . learn about voice technique for radio announcers in this free series of career advice videos on radio broadcasting .
-IYIv5dASnY different circuit types give you different sounds . learn more circuits in logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
P0N-835ku6s get real with yourself to address a negative self image and raise your self esteem . learn to improve low self esteem by being realistic from a professional speaker in this free self help video .
egl7X7Tm73w cleaning up after making a ceramic charger plate can clear your head , as well as preparing workspace for your next project . find out the importance of clay cleanup with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
NjlYfsiU04Y learn some great tips on how to play rock and roll drum beats in this free music lesson video clip .
f154fNfcbwI learn why the skin around the eyebrows is red after waxing with expert waxing tips in this free hair removal video clip .
exoR8fu9q4M the legs are an important source of power when setting up the hurdle of a dive . learn some tips for using your legs during the hurdle from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
_mGuEVjXQ9Q fondant gives cakes a smooth texture that makes them easier to decorate . learn how to roll fondant in this free video clip about decorating a princess birthday cake .
rVmUlNx6-8Q like a slide show of your photos . learn how to set up an automated review of your photos on the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
rqK3NrmcyQ4 learn how to maximize the use of your facebook homepage in this free educational video clip .
J0jYVZpUjJs learn how to use an ebow 's string driver in order to use an ebow with a guitar slide in this free educational video clip .
kTU8wHpweMc in salsa dancing , a shines combination for men pulls multiple steps into a cohesive dance . combine steps for men with tips from a dance instructor in this free salsa dancing video .
qDYAX0kArfw yoga forward bend poses stretch the hamstrings and strengthen the legs . find out how to do a forward bend pose with expert tips from a yoga instructor in this free video about basic yoga positions .
f35MKlDzZPU rc photographic paper has a resin coating . learn how ferricyanide affects prints of photographs in this free black and white photography lesson from a professional photographer .
LHvwgrysY1k it 's important to familiarize yourself with the home drug testing equipment . learn more about the basic supplies in a home drug testing kit with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free drug testing video .
lrq_Wq8lsvE find out how to play a new finger pattern on upright bass . learn about playing finger pattern 2a with the left hand on an upright bass in this free stringed instrument video from a music teacher .
sMrtoTRJcgU if you do not want to spend the money on a giffin grip , scrap clay can be dried out and shaped to make a clay chuck . learn how to make a clay chuck in this free ceramics video .
yI_47AaDPlI dreaming of being a model in a live photo shoot ? learn simple movements for modeling photo shoots with this free video clip from a professional modeling agency .
f-HOcvcZ4Ko learn how to attach and adjust a standard martingale and how to tack up a horse in this free equestrian video on horse care and riding .
isCaXTa6W5c the donkey posture is a gentle yoga exercise that incorporates a deep breathing technique to stretch out the leg muscles . practice the donkey posture with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
f3sKMkiQhhI get a free saxophone lesson on playing the f major scale in this saxophone demonstration video performed by a professional saxophone player .
rK5_uRsdWdg backspin can be used to position the cue ball where you want it . get expert tips and advice on billiards tables and pool cues in this free video .
eyRb0KhjU3I a properly installed drywall corner has edges that line up straight . learn the difference between good and bad corners when installing drywall with tips from a licensed contractor in this free video on home remodeling .
KPbMVhF8fw8 massage therapists can light a room with candles or play soft music in order to create a relaxing atmosphere for the client . create a relaxed setting with tips from a massage therapist in this free video on massage techniques .
kTqFKPbPijg how to properly clean your guitar when you restring it ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
fAkwVUIq-EI in portrait photography , harsh lighting accentuates the qualities of a texture . discover how lighting can affect the texture of a subject in this free video on photography basics from a professional photographer .
FXJQlF0hCno learn about aromatic herbs for body balance in this free video clip .
fshrF7wNqdc learn to make an origami pinwheel with instructions from a professional artist in this free video on easy origami projects .
PB66q0n0cKc pro tools tdm users can adjust waveforms with a click of the mouse . trim audio tracks using the tdm options of digidesign pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
Jk1n3BPVSYE cut clay at the right angle when attaching it to a teapot . learn how attach a teapot handle with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
mQz0gGRgNOU after determining that an airway is obstructed , one way to clear the obstruction is with the finger sweep technique . clear an obstructed airway with tips from a firefighter in this free first aid video .
N2sn9ifAhp4 learn the importance of a cell phone during a fire , and tips for avoiding fires and how to form a fire safety plan , in this free video from an expert fireman .
Lz6mzUPcrQs learn how to sand the edges of your rock to dull them or round them in this free rock polishing and collecting video clip .
CbL2jqMhpU0 see exotic ports of call ! learn how to get hired as a cruise ship tour guide in this free world travel video from our professional tour director .
fshOEmhsxCo rotating a heavy bag , or punching bag , is a great way to build upper body and core strength . learn how to use punching bags for sports training in this free athletics video lesson .
Qthh1FZy9H8 the way some people create art is a mystery but there is a method even to the most genius ideas . learn tips on how people come up with amazingly creative ideas from a professional musician in this free video .
exnbnIhk8Z0 learn the toe stand in irish step dancing in this free intermediate dance lesson on video .
vRtRGAAq9wA learn how to make a matcha latte at home with a demonstration from our expert in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee drinks .
YCze_2UogH4 removing a bike seat usually involves removing only two bolts . watch a mountain bike expert demonstrate how to remove a bicycle seat in this free online video clip about mountain bike maintenance .
O7-suHxbN6c learn how to measure gauge in the garter stitch with expert tips in this free video series on knitting basics for beginners .
jHa4bSVMRJI finding a tennis coach and playing partner will help your game . buy good equipment , work on your fitness and watch the pros . learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
owe4o1xdFAY do n't make assumptions about time and dates in a play . learn how to get information about years , times , and seasons from specific statements when writing a play analysis in this free literature and theater video from a college professor .
XOfTc_ZxD9M swim goggles made for girls are designed to fit female faces better and come in more feminine colors , such as pink and coral . learn more about popular girl 's swim goggles with information from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
HG-jfLG5US4 draw a t-shirt design on a patch ! learn tips for making custom t-shirt designs in this free video clip .
X1a3Ad9cNIg get the basics for clay selection for your figurine sculpture and qualities of the different clays as well as other supplies you 'll need . learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
YvsNCYoXHck learn about equipment needed to play baseball with expert baseball tips from a former baseball player in this free sports instruction video clip .
Yg4JOsa3LxE learn about doing some bench press exercises from our experts in this free health and fitness video on athletic strength training exercises for performance .
ezytRGQUqBQ the differences between hanging in braids and hanging out braids comes from whether the hair is passed over or under the middle strands . learn more about the differences between hanging in and hanging out braided hair with expert tips in this free hair styling video .
Pi2X_XsDPbs unusual lighting can be a blessing in disguise when photographing architecture . employ unusual lighting in architectural photography with tips from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
fJB0v1k9HGI change the flow of water from a garden hose with hose sprayers . learn about the benefits of gardening with hose sprayers from an award-winning horticulturist in this free home landscaping video .
exEBJYW9oCA learn how to relieve pain in the feet using a spine aligner from our expert in this free how-to video series on using a spine aligner .
LyJxXonLzT4 the flaming rasta is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
fsfTrRxuJ-c learn about bullet texture in this free how-to video on how to cast bullets , or how to make bullets by melting-down lead .
Pl7d7BU0_e0 are you in control of your golf swing ? learn all the details about this golf technique in this free video clip on golf tips .
IILSadDKYhs get improv students used to chaos with the group juggle game . learn the improv comedy game group juggle in this free theater acting video from a teacher of improvisation .
3t51XBY4ovc how yoga can improve your health . learn benefits of complete yogic breathing in this free health and fitness video from an experienced yoga instructor .
ee5TY3NmG-g wrist circles keep the wrists healthy with blood flow and better nutrient circulation by stretching the surrounding muscles and joints . prepare muscles for a workout with these stretching exercise techniques from an experienced personal trainer in this free video .
ewNA-rNrNLU learn how to perform a ventriloquist routine with expert voice throwing tips from a professional comedian in this free online ventriloquism lesson video clip .
g00ozQTgwfw learn how to apologize in japanese with expert japanese language tips in this free online foreign language video clip .
ehrw-2jwwCc how to decorate a bulletin board , a handmade craft project using household items in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
OOtGZDEF3I4 when booking a train ticket form shenzhen to guangzhou , contact a qualified travel agent to get good deals and to avoid language difficulties . plan a trip through asia with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on train travel .
ZojAFi21sNI potters can use wire to remove vase from the potter 's wheel . learn how to prepare a clay vase for trimming in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
2GlKcCKXNKM to clean blinds in the bathroom , dust each individual blind for the most thorough cleaning . dust blinds in bathroom windows with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
8Xf5ijCBpoc learn what materials and supplies are necessary to make your own kite with expert crafting tips in this free online kite video clip .
JJQpkS5fQ2Q shaolin strength palm training with a kung fu master ; learn the meditative , spiritual side of shaolin kung fu in this free martial arts video series .
wp5z0j-XGIo counting household objects is a fun way for kids to learn how to count , kids can count beans , eggs , shirts and socks and soon know many numbers ; learn other tips on counting numbers in this free kindergarten education video .
fD-nmfH101E try writing a pageant platform essay with a catchy introduction to attract judge approval . write good platform essay introductions with tips from a pageant veteran in this free beauty pageant preparation video .
yDUFOIYjU9U hawaiian hula dance history is based around legends from hawaii and tahiti . learn the history of hawaiian dance with tips from a dance instructor in this free video on hawaiian dancing .
p3wB49KC17I in djembe repair , pull together the ring ends of the rope and space the knots out in an equidistant manner . pull together the ring ends of a djembe drum using the djembe repair tips in this free video .
SVmnpZ1iBEk for on-the-go star viewing or birdwatching in your backyard , a grab-and-gun telescope may be ideal for you . learn more about the uses of a portable telescope in this free home astronomy equipment video from a telescope designer and manufacturer .
fxLUOvJTM0U in most states , a person ca n't be found by their driver 's license because of the driver 's privacy protection act , or dppa . find someone by their driver 's license with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
fHT1NhNUono learn how to shoot blue portals to move around spaces and access orange portals in this free gaming video clip about orange box 's portal .
m3waC16aH2E have you always wanted a hollywood caliber butt ? well now you can have it with this free exercise video about the 'lift ' butt workout .
q-rsf3Ja5_4 watch as a window-cleaning professional explains how to prevent drips when cleaning exterior windows in this free online video about window maintenance .
PIfyDYipc7E glazing is the final artistic step in clay pottery . learn some tips from a pottery expert on how to start a large pottery glaze batch in this free video clip .
efFKi0ZF-HI save money by making demo or rough draft of an album before going into the studio . learn about making demo tapes to save money when recording an album in this free studio recording lesson from a professional musician .
j-lvkiFsUmA learn tips for buying personalized name meanings as a christmas gift for your boyfriend with expert tips on christmas presents in this free video clip .
2eiaM6O7ogQ looking for women 's freestyle skis ? learn all about picking freestyle skis with expert tips on ski equipment in this free winter sports video .
fz70XLV5fCY antifreeze lowers the freezing point in a car 's cooling system . find out how antifreeze works in this free car maintenance video from a professional auto mechanic .
eyuFUC70TvQ djembe drum bags have different fabrics depending on style and functionality preferences . pick out the fabric for a bag to hold djembe drums with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djembe drums .
ju-pDuUScUs learn from our expert how to backside boardslide on a snowboard in this free extreme sports video on doing snowboard tricks at the park .
jbSBQL08VHA when fixing a poorly shift bicycle , first check the gears or add cable tension by turning the barrel adjuster clockwise . repair a poorly shifting bike with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
fDlMEawKMUA bodybuilding biceps incline dumbbell hammer curls can be done simultaneously or one arm at a time . hammer out giant biceps with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
yG0YIHn_tN0 blend the goth eye pencil to deepen the colors around the eye and begin the smokey feel . makeover your friends with the glamor goth makeup tips in this free cosmetic video .
-wS5q_JOZ88 how to play the first part of the song 'booty ' by erykah badu on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction on playing pop songs on percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
2jyyjgQQPdE know what features to look for when buying a telescope . telescope buyers are faced with many options and confusing technological terms when choosing what to purchase . find out what to look for when buying a telescope in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
4cahtdGiIcU working on an applique heart craft project ? learn how to cut out the heart shape in this free craft video .
H5fL0TZnUKU the bunny slope is the perfect snowboard trail for beginners to learn on . carve the bunny slope with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
vvMj8LyAU1c learn about the basic rules and strategies of 'the bunny hunt ' paintball game anywhere in the world in this free video clip .
Wz7UXv9pkBw learn how scoliosis curves the spine and how massage therapy can help relieve the pain of the curved back with expert tips from a certified and licensed massage therapist in this free online massage video clip .
DuLf-GBju14 playing an isolated double-drum beat on stroke three in an eight-count measure with the right hand creates a quick sense of 16th notes . play this isolated double-beat variation on a snare drum with tips and advice from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
IaCO4drImbY shooting a basketball requires a solid shooting routine , good footwork and shooting the basketball with the fingertips . shoot a basketball with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on basketball skills and tips .
YhSzVQxV2wE learn how to add sugar and vanilla for red velvet cake frosting with expert baking tips in this free dessert video clip .
sYmfFBwYeKs free pro tools tutorial ! learn how to use a compressor with expert tips and advice on sound editing in this free video .
qul0dXYwUh0 calligraphy markers soften and dry up faster than the nibs for calligraphy pens . learn how to choose a pen for italic hand calligraphy in this free calligraphy lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
jT410AsouXg use a chip shot to kick a soccer ball over the goalie and into the goal ; learn how in this free beginner soccer ( football or futbol ) skills video lesson .
m-kHwo5hFxI get an introduction from our expert on training for running the 800m sprint in this free instructional video on running and training for the 800m sprint .
jXINP3oI20U play the slow method of accent beats on tom-tom drums with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction and improvisation .
6Y_H9IqBZro some vehicles only allow tire chains on rear tires . learn more about vehicle specifications for snow tire chains in this free winter weather driving video from a master mechanic .
g7jP4WcOVz0 finding relaxation within a yoga routine is a great way to unwind the body and alleviate stress . learn to find relaxation from a certified yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
smLRY6ZWTMA learn how to compose jazz music in gb major for improving your playing and improvisational skills on the piano in this free video clip series .
f92Ev3GhGks white balance for a digital camera refers to altering the exposure to achieve optimum lighting . learn about custom white balance with tips from a camera enthusiast in this free photography video .
fv1E7SH_wGw learn how to throw a fake punch in stage combat during a play performance in this free professional acting video from our professional actor .
Kaaq_DhpkrM your stamina for rejection is important to consider when auditioning for a broadway play . learn how to assess your stamina with expert tips from an actress in this free acting video .
NSvkyLV9yyE learn how to draw word balloons and animal movement for cartoon animals and anthropomorphized animals with expert cartoon drawing tips in this free online art instruction video clip .
v3-qvn0VH_c in saxophone playing , the g minor scale is extracted from the b flat major scale . play a g minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
_Rlk9OEs1kk how to dress a grinding wheel for sharpening tools ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to sharpen carpentry tools in this free instructional video .
LBY-8-RnfkA antonio lucio vivaldi was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and the dynamics of this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video .
nidOOddnEUU a spindle gouge can be used to make bead cuts in woodturning . learn about making bead cuts with a spindle gouge from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
VkpcokYdIRg improve your stage presence during guitar solos in this free video on having confidence and stage presence as a performer .
r_c3dzW7fio looking for the best ballet dance instructor ? learn what to look for in picking a professional ballet dancer to teach your kids in this free video clip .
TmnmlbeFNP4 when plucking eyelashes , clean the hands and use tweezers to remove unruly eyelashes that become crooked or unmanageable . learn about eyelash growth and safely remove troublesome hair with information from an experienced cosmetologist in this free video on beauty .
xqIK-sjWozQ a martial arts butterfly stretch is a more relaxed stretching position that can be done almost anywhere . learn how to do a butterfly stretch with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free warm up and stretching video .
sUmqBuRWiV4 do not puff your cheeks when playing the saxophone . learn professional tips for playing notes on the saxophone in this free music lesson from a professional sax player .
-jDWIiM4dj4 learn where to find out more information about a deck of svengali magic cards in this free card trick video from our professional magician .
owh7kY1ofrk pulling clay forms the walls of a pot on the pottery wheel . learn how to pull walls for a jardiniere in this free ceramics video .
shbHJQw6E_4 secure tarpaulins with the trucker 's hitch knot . learn to tie a fireman 's trucker 's hitch knot in this free firefighting video from a fire captain .
uuBVJVyyb1I learn how to stay focused at a post-production video home studio with expert tips and advice on film making , studios , movies , and video post-production in this free online video clip .
92im3frwI38 learn how to add a transparent glaze to the background of your water color painting in this free art lesson on video .
OB68yrXlClo performing the proper knee drop stretch form , in pilates , is a great way to stretch after any oblique workout . learn more about how the proper knee drop stretch form can help you from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
WielaLbZF8Y learn about reversed balance exercise with a kinesis system in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the kinesis system .
nC6zOsXLAos mixing warm and cool colors together will create muddy muted colors . learn how to mix colors properly with tips from a professional artist in this free painting video .
qVccpy1JW_A gladiola bulbs are perennial plants and should show within two weeks of planting in a spring garden . find out how to plant gladiola bulbs in this free video on gardening and farming from a professional organic gardener .
HeEjPFgJ5rc materials needed to make a stuffed animal ; supplies and more in this instructional arts and crafts video taught by an expert seamstress .
m7tgBOjINto creating your own unique couch slipcover is fun and easy to do when you have the right tools . learn the materials necessary for creating your own couch slipcover with expert tips in this free craft video .
hyROmTKHtJI hand signals can sometimes be used to prevent the opposition from knowing where the team is . learn about the importance of hand signals as a part of advanced paintball tactics in this free sports and recreation video .
uqzWchQd9kM light weight horse blankets are great for spring and fall , when temperatures do n't go below about forty degrees fahrenheit . learn more about purchasing and using light weight horse blankets in this free equestrian video guide .
Qdndr6SM_Xo learn chinese bend character strokes with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language teacher in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
zL1xk6Zxxhg there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in photoshop . learn how to adjust a brush in this free video clip on this great computer program .
p-tgyX7qIRQ try red lights and binoculars when telescope viewing to keep up night vision and home in on star clusters . use tools that help telescope observations with an observatory director in this free astronomy video .
f9h__VipnMQ when performing the kneeling posture exercise with a fitness ball , move the hips away from the ball in order to wedge the ball into the thigh . practice this delicate posture exercise with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
PLUa_A8XKCk professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn how budgets can help finances at home and at work in this free online video tutorial .
-CuLtVyqdtE learn what ingredients are needed to make homemade gnocchi with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian cuisine video clip .
s4HwnFvuY4A becoming a music producer involves hard work and patience . find out how to become a music producer with tips from a professional music producer in this free music recording industry career video .
f4SGrA8xiL0 release strained muscles in the back with the modern dance spine plough pose . learn to do spine plough poses with tips from a professional dance teacher in this free modern dance video lesson .
MPmJ7MBL7-0 children love sugar , but it can harm them . get tips for understanding the good and bad types of sugar for kids in this free video series about keeping your kids mentally and physically healthy .
Qn2HA3KgTOA kunlun mountains acupressure point for dogs is used for areas of general pain . learn about kunlun mountains with tips from a dog expert in this free pet care video .
TlLWna8vfqQ the commitment of a car owner will determine the extent of a hot rod restoration project . learn about the hidden costs of restoring a hot rod in this free video on custom cars from a professional mechanic .
buOUWS2VqM8 learn a judo ankle lock technique in this free martial arts video series from a judo master .
qokOqCJkB9w the construction of a knitted sock consists of the ribbing , the leg and the instep . learn about sock construction with tips from a knitting teacher in this free video on yarn crafts .
fAvG0Kky1U4 learn how to understand letter form and the role it plays in handwriting analysis in this free handwriting analysis video series from our graphology expert .
Y7BWNSjpzRA every chord on a mandolin or any instrument can be substituted with another similar sounding one and the chords in `` beaumont rag '' are no exception . learn tips from a musician on how to play them in this free video clip .
H8T-YrBHEOM learn how to mount the cymbals on a hi hat drum stand with expert tips and advice on how to set up a drum kit in this free music lesson video .
OYwTQ-yf5xg jabs into hooks in heavy bag practice . learn how to practice boxing techniques on a heavy bag , including combinations and stances in this free video on training for boxers .
BLQNSbi32Mo how to draw in color for fashion illustration ; get professional tips and advice on how to begin a career as a fashion illustrator in this free fashion video .
BM33obWi_ak skipping is a great exercise to add to your interval training routine . learn more about adding skipping to your walking in this free fitness video .
mJXFFuZwPA4 in martial arts , a warrior is someone who is resilient and does n't give up . discover the philosophy of martial arts warrior training with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on training techniques .
apXH_WS0xxI for basketball agility , the eight up , four back drill is done to promote stop-and-go acceleration . try the eight up , four back workout with tips from a basketball camp instructor in this free video on basketball agility drills .
taFytN2wxCk learn some great tips on how to research a martial arts school in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
neTeryhQ1oQ model poses with crossed arms help make the chest broad and powerful compared to the narrow waist . learn to pose with crossed arms like a fashion magazine model in this free modeling video .
H3q54rmzuuk madd is a grassroots organization with chapters in every state in the us that works with law enforcement , schools and families to prevent drunk driving . find out more about mothers against drunk driving in this free community awareness video .
_88lwzD-TTo when working with photoshop cs3 , make reflections by creating a duplicate layer to the text . create duplicate textual layers with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photoshop .
WSye1wSWXFY matches , an ax , kindling and wood logs are some of the tools that you 'll need in order to build a campfire . learn more in this free cold weather camping video guide .
_UBigenkEwQ learn how to plant vegetables in your garden in this free online video guide to vegetable gardening .
evyPWgUeAcI when reporting credit card fraud , contact the issuer of each credit card immediately or notify the federal trade commission . retain money and avoid fraudulent credit card spending with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
f7IvzQNSgok use color contrast to create drama in paintings . learn how to balance colors colors of a similar saturation from an art instructor in this free color theory video .
Hkr3LQe15n4 a cloth diaper works well to clean your records . learn what material to use for cleaning vinyl records in this free record maintenance lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
TFrFACOKSkA set up a ride cymbal stand for a drum set ; learn how with expert tips from our drummer in this free drum tutorial video on percussion instruments .
s7SvSyNE2xk pack bedding in bigger boxes since it wo n't be heavy . learn about packing bedroom decorations and bedding early with expert tips in this free moving video .
lDwHqod81ms move to d from d minor in example 3 of voice leading arpeggios . learn how to play voice leading arpeggios in this free upright bass video from a jazz and classical bass player .
lwWAqLZyH8Q learn about jewelry that would be inappropriate to wear with comfortable clothes in this free fashion video clip .
umst_hITmFk intermediate origami project . learn how to fold an origami cat designed by tomoko in this free origami lesson from an origami expert .
Qji8LX6L9gg make an international telephone call by dialing the access code to leave the country , the country code , the city code and then the telephone number . find out the country codes for the united kingdom , france and china with information from a telephone specialist in this free video on international calls .
QnenElUUmr0 shoulder movements add emphasis in west african dances . learn how to do shoulder movements in this free dance lesson video .
kRJ5dcXtXsE graceful movements of diamond fist kung fu take years of practice to master ; learn the slow art of shaolin diamond fist kung fu in this free martial arts video on kung fu .
eh4ZZrS0c8Q burning old wood is permissible with a fire department permit when building a new deck , but the wood has to be raw and untreated . whether dealing with raw wood or painted and treated wood , learn how to dispose of it properly with tips from a deck repair specialist in this free video on home improvement .
ewhyRHyKkuc learn how to add the onions and garlic with expert tips and advice on arroz con pollo in this free cooking recipes video on making arroz con pollo .
fskr9YZZmFs in pilates workouts , the ab prep exercise is done before other exercises to warm up the abdominal muscles . learn to do the ab prep pilates exercise with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
PEJieCAOF_w the chase step is a xingyi kung fu maneuver that 's used to move the legs forward and help generate power when attacking . learn more about xingyi and the chase step from a professional kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
5_exonZouvk alpaca feeders are important for keeping the hay off of the ground . learn how to pick out and use alpaca feeders in this free animal care video .
RisAVdzMvTM when deciding where on a specific lake to ice fish , use depth chart and advice for the locals . learn more insider tips for ice fishing in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
ClagBI7_6xM when buying a tv , keep in mind a budget and the size of the room the television will be in , as well as screen technology options such as plasma and digital light projection screen . make the choice between standard and high definition screens when buying a television with the consumer tips in this free video on electronics from a digital technology professional .
gYlB4gmCc1k before applying `` rain-x '' to a windshield , shake the bottle very well . get tips on the best way to put `` rain-x '' on a car windshield from an automotive expert in this free car maintenance video .
nlbXAhU2764 samurai sword slashes are easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
MZTuwBurOrk the tone can be adjusted on the guitar as well as on the amp . learn more tips for using guitar amplifiers in this free guitar equipment video from a guitar teacher and band member .
gSfKxrJVIvc learn the hip movements for the cabbage patch dance in this free dance lesson video .
J8Ts5HvTQIU zils , or finger cymbals , are percussion instruments that create sounds through vibration and are typically found in the middle east . learn more about zils from a professional musician in this free music lesson video .
NRS2tmFF9j8 learn how to play blues , jazz , and funk on the guitar in this free video series that talks about the guitar and the different musical stylings it lends itself to .
wPoCsXu9OPg when fixing a rusty bicycle chain , clean the chain by using a good citrus degreaser that dissolves dirt and grime . fix a rusty bicycle chain with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
HdOGGtTgx18 using a heel and toe step , learn the basic burmese dance step in the free video from a professional burmese dancer .
_h8wYNwAT0w the lean away side kick is an evasive and powerful attack maneuver in chinese kung fu martial arts . lear the lean away side kick from a martial arts expert in this free kung fu video .
tj1uTFets4M divers should avoid rushing during the diving approach . perfect a diving approach with these tips from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
pdzbR3BUzYA learn how to mark a placemat backing when making homemade placemats with expert crafting tips in this free home décor and crafting video clip .
KDAjeB-CHBk learn the assisted dhanurasana pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
oNATVrEsgCA learn how to add volume and fullness to a choppy , layered hairstyle with pomade in this free step-by-step hairstyle video clip with expert tips on salon treatments .
VGQzc4Mpyq0 learn first aid for penetration wounds in this first aid training video .
KGNaZqtiNv0 learn how to shine silver when you do n't have polish in this free video clip on homemaking tips .
57WhhEg0ZU8 the cha cha is a four beat dance with five steps , which means one beat has two steps . learn to cha cha and ballroom dance in this free dancing video lesson .
f40_-9siTow when publishing a book , make sure that the interior margins are wider that the exterior margins . discover what the margins should be in a published book and make sure they are set correctly with tips from a publishing editor in this free video on book publication and production .
y1GDzFKFw-U watch as a professional lighting designer and consultant discusses the elements of light and darkness in this free online video on architectural lighting design .
M80N46rxI_s learn how to clean the inside of gourds for decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
HYgW2q3TcjM learn to concentrate on what can be done with the customer service situation with expert retail sales management advice in this free online customer service video clip .
ehMW8_AYITU sketch writing should be topical and related to current affairs and big news stories . try to write sketches about timeless issues that people can watch over and over with tips from an experienced entertainment writer in this free video on tv writing .
Mc0EBDb_sCI improving your su lum tao wing tsun technique will help improve your kung fu . find out more about su lum tao from a professional martial artist in this free video .
UgvTYFHoH5Q walking on a treadmill will promote overall health by improving circulation and endurance . discover more benefits of walking on treadmills with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about treadmill workouts .
u6sLibIoy8E learn how to do a snap kick for a martial arts fitness workout in this free exercise video from a martial arts master .
ZUcq_mOrTkI choose from a number of white balance presets . learn how to set white balance with canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
FzvGewSjP4I interested in catering an event ? learn some tips for prepping italian food in this free recipe video clip .
wYc8MW0OHKg cleaning the bowl top when wood turning prevents the bowl face from becoming too thin and unsupported . learn about cleaning the top of a wood bowl with tips from a wood turning expert in this free video on wood crafts .
fJjiWMYhffQ the bridge exercise in pilates strengthens the glutes , lower back and abdominal muscles . learn to do the bridge pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
efrhIJeYzlE there are various ways to execute the reclining big toe pose , in yoga , which can help extend and increase the difficulty . learn another variation for the reclining big toe pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
0ltsiF3xu5Q work the ankles and feet with feet rolling exercises learn to warm-up for modern dancing by rolling through the feet in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
ezlZbCxd1Mc a bathtub 's stopper has a rubber gasket that seals the stopper to the drain assembly . fix pop-up bathtub stopper leaks with tips from a certified hvac tech and plumber in this free video on plumbing repairs .
f6SJe6s7FBQ putting the kiteboarding kite away is easy with these tips . get expert advice on kiteboarding equipment , conditions , and precautions in this free video .
U9D60a0GSHg improv games such as my ghost friend are great for stretching your imagination and comedy skills . here is a great game to play not only to practice your reaction skills but also to entertain audiences .
thJYEcOPDsM how to play two handed chord voicings for jazz piano in the key of f major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
KfTnitFdCX0 how to finish tying knots in the wire for making a razor blade charm bracelet from household items ; get expert tips and advice on making jewelry from recycled materials in this free instructional video .
kJ2oPnvQql4 designing images for your website is easy with these tips , get expert advice on web development & design in this free video .
fL9D7WoD9Lo how to properly add the malt extract and at what intervals to make the best-tasting russian stout beer ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about brewing beer taught by an expert brewer .
xFXz_T1-ts0 becoming a wildlife rehabilitator requires gathering information on permit laws and wildlife awareness . get career information on wildlife rehabilitation with tips from an animal care manager and wildlife rehabilitator in this free video on career information .
MAV3KF-GmQg bathtubs , toilets , fixtures , cabinets , carpet , towels and more can be matched to achieve a great new color scheme in your bathroom . learn more in this free educational video series .
Kf5BpJ5tRvU stalling is much like grinding , but the skater must go very slow . get skateboarding trick tips to learn how to stall in this free skateboarding video clip .
Vd3X683A2HA smells that attract men include the pheromones of the individual , vanilla , cinnamon and lavender . try wearing natural body lotion to attract men with advice from a dating coach in this free video on dating tips .
251Xt41qznY learn the meaning of the karplusan strider green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
qXBvd-sIZp4 pilates is one of the most popular workouts in the world today . learn tips on the leg circles exercise for your workout in this free video clip .
40mG1JvCU74 the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn how to read an a major scale arpeggio on sheet music in this free video clip series .
uED8HQd4hVA leaves make for great pattern designs in clay pottery . learn tips on how to choose good pattern leaves for your clay projects from an expert in this free video clip .
ehNNiNSqT4c in core fitness , place the feet shoulder width apart and prevent the knees from locking when performing the standing wood chop exercise . strengthen the core with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
UqKs7Yq4kH0 make a myspace cursor by finding a myspace cursor page on google , right-clicking to copy the cursor code and putting the code into any of the `` edit profile '' boxes on a myspace page . change the look of a myspace cursor and customize it with tips from a professional myspace designer in this free instructional video on social networking websites .
fJjXL0fV-4k learn how to use thin picture frame molds with expert home décor tips in this free online framing video clip .
zx2ZMLMJTbI try these words to warm up your muscles and prepare your palette for dynamic public speaking . learn speech prep from a professional communicator in this free public speaking video .
t5beBuLXV3Q the tunnel obstacle in a dog agility course is a bit like a chute but without a chute at the end of it . teach any dog how to run through a tunnel on an agility course by using the advice in this free video from an experienced dog trainer .
eh1yhX_hwWk want to buy pet parakeets ? learn how to care for a pet parakeet in this free video clip .
E0dkOtnaZH4 learn how to make the ricotta cheese mixture for cooking super lasagna in this free italian food recipe video on making lasagna and caesar salad .
edd-O-1TVXg there are two basic types of tiles to choose from when making mosaics : low fire tiles and high fire tiles . learn more about using low fire and high fire mosaic tiles for mosaics in this free video .
jtI_lBIoqAs replace a fluorescent lightbulb taking care not to break the bulb . learn how to replace a fluorescent lightbulb using the home maintenance tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
yiShaNqTOZQ violinist start the c minor arpeggio in the first position . learn how to play a c minor arpeggio on the violin in this free music lesson video from an expert violinist .
7FgDqot57Bc learn how to mash potatoes and add garlic for this easy online garlic mashed potatoes recipe in this free video .
fDibWoeA_0M in aikido a kokomen uchi is also known as a side head punch . learn tips on how to properly do this and where to hit in this free video clip from an expert aikido instructor .
v88TXn1UHGE see a demonstration of drum triplets to help you learn how to play triplets on the drums .
pKXaKinzTmY the phased-out zone of `` magic the gathering '' allows creatures to move in and out of play . learn `` magic the gathering '' phased-out rules from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
sodTep0x-fg learn some great tips on how to do a criss cross stretch for a track and field meet in this free sports events , stretching , and preparation video clip .
fI2BgC9qxsQ learn how to boil rice for making cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
p4zb7ON1CcE learn how to decorate with frames in this free video clip about cheap remolding .
Ha3qakjxOck learn the history of outdoor target shooting , from the beginnings of skeet shooting to modern guns and sports in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
MhgKLpBHr7U learn the basics and rules of when a team has a throw in , from when the ball goes out of bounds , in this free how-to video on the basics and rules of soccer .
exCr6jRPv-0 the split-finger pitch has almost no rotation and has a severe drop when it reaches the plate . make hitter 's knees buckle with the split-finger with tips from a professional baseball instructor in this free video on baseball .
f7CuIlSqJNc install a new cabinet door by first measuring the cabinet door opening . learn how to install a new cabinet door using the home repair tips in this free video .
_AftFpIJ7ag former professional swimmers show how to combine the arm and leg motions of the breaststroke and demonstrate the full breaststroke on dry land in this free olympic swimming lesson on video .
SoqWZaNGwP8 learn how hair extensions are applied with expert hair tips in this free video clip on salon treatments .
I83a0t-RVQI to start running as a beginner , jog slowly for 20 minutes every other day , and then gradually increase the time and speed of each jog . work up to a faster pace and longer running distance with tips from a running coach and certified sports trainer in this free video on running .
sd2P-Mqv1Y4 what is needed to apply 3d makeup ? learn how to do stage makeup effects , such as bruises and scars , with these video instructions .
N6VSIoX2dBI cleaning an airbrush gun involves filling it with a store-bought cleaning solution , spraying out all of the excess and then taking it apart to soak in soapy water . thoroughly clean an airbrush gun for the next project , using pipe cleaners to get in the nooks and crannies , with instructions from a professional artist in this free video on airbrushing .
gXfZEG-uMOA how to select potting soil for growing mexican honeysuckle plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
zvZguEJjXCk transitioning out of the back one and a half dive pike is a key element in diving . learn to kick out of the dive from a professional diving instructor in this free swimming video .
co9EYgM2GyI healthy parakeets have bright eyes , clean nails , and are very active . learn how to buy a healthy parakeet in a pet store with this free video clip .
KDo4_4FqAV0 learn about the light requirements for cacti and succulent plants with tips from an expert in this free gardening clip .
--qXJuDtHPw authors , writers and story tellers are three categories of writers . find out more about each writer category with tips from a published writer in this free writing career video .
K3JdChFLpds choosing the colored glass you want is one of the most important parts of making glass mardi gras beads . find out how to coordinate colored glass to make mardi gras beads , also known as harlequin beads , in this free video on bead making .
PW8YuPc_l1Q dust in a home can be reduced by sweeping driveways and sidewalks and by doing periodic maintenance . use a high-efficiency return air filter to reduce dust with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
mrqTrypq3U4 looking for simple senior exercises ? tai chi is the perfect senior workout . learn how to do retreat and seal tai chi moves in this free exercise video clip from a registered nurse and nutritionist .
TYoSrNXEjLc learn how to do the shomen uchi-dai ikkyo japanese aikido technique in this free martial arts training and instruction video for beginners .
fG1hh3rVsKw learn to use a person 's `` t '' writing style to determine their handwriting style in this free handwriting analysis video series from our graphology expert .
PAb90C9Ob3s digital slrs and some prosumer digital cameras have both manual and auto focus settings . learn all about auto and manual focus digital cameras in this free photography video .
XpIlrPzNUfM open windows for ventilation when staining . learn how to stay safe when whitewashing and aging furniture in this free woodworking lesson from an experienced furniture maker .
jVOu7sIn5Mg learn the importance of the solitary eclectic in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
eh_5RlQ6xK8 combination passes in floor gymnastics combine different moves into a tumbling chain . learn about combination passes with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
xMYB6WRbzDo learn the ancient history of witches in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
qZHTemujYGI when fuming glass , you can change the color of glass depending on the metal stick you are using . learn about silver and copper sticks in this free crafting video about how to make glass beads .
GyH-otibEGE the butterfly knot forms a locking loop in the middle of a rope . learn to tie a fireman 's butterfly knot in this free firefighting video from a fire captain .
fHj5E-V1jOw watch and learn from our expert in martial arts how to catch speed nunchucks in this free weapons training video on using nunchucks .
XrKDHAwiMMc learn how to budget time for a post-production video project with expert tips and advice on filmmaking , cinema , and movie post-production in this free online video clip .
iJDze2TcN4Q it 's difficult to stretch a rock climbing shoe , but such a shoe can be broken in so that there is a little bit of a curl in the toe . break a shoe in by standing in a bathtub and walking in the wet shoes until they dry with advice from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing equipment and techniques .
T6g4epnI6Oo when whitewater kayaking or canoeing , scouting from shore can help you get a feel for the rapids and hazards coming up . learn how to scout a river from shore in this free online instructional video lesson on canoeing and kayaking .
-X6aCRECiWA not being able to stop can be intimidating in adaptive snowshoeing . learn how to stop in special needs snowshoeing from a winter sports coach in this free adaptive sports video .
-RM5uVrqzSE learn a circular breathing technique to use when playing the didgeridoo with expert instrument instruction in this free online music video clip about australian instruments .
gqXOZgjup-0 learn tips on how to fill out a client ticket for a salon and how important it is to do it correctly in this free video clip on cosmetology .
UUHuIMlCyms see a demonstration of the roger rabbit in this free dance lesson video .
oet3J0IK4KQ take a look around the snowboard half-pipe before dropping inside . get other snowboard half-pipe safety suggestions with tips from a snowboard instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
eghEJGdUFLs it 's near impossible to tell if a hermit crab is pregnant , and because the eggs are laid in the ocean , the chance of any baby hermit crabs hatching is nonexistent . find out why hermit crabs ca n't breed in captivity in this free video from a exotic pet specialist on hermit crab care .
h0HWZtEMN4o jumping steps in manipuri dance add interest to dance sequences . learn how to do the third jumping step in manipuri dancing in this free dance lesson video .
pU6lE4jNhs0 tips for troubleshooting your saxophone . learn how to find problems with your saxophone in this free saxophone care and maintenance video from an expert in instrument repair .
SBhJuVHYIvU when playing bach on violin using violin sheet music , start playing line eight , measure two with a b note slur . learn how to play bach on the violin ( a great string instrument for bach ) in this free online violin lesson on video .
3FTWtNTUnpc learn how to pick a honey dew melon when produce shopping at the grocery store and more about produce shopping in this free food video .
fux-zUwYX2Q learn the meaning of the fireball red or chaos card and how to play it in magic : the gathering in this free card game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
n8MGR2u1EV0 tips for taking family portraits with a canon camera . learn how to take photos of stationary subjects with the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
NahEIWsIQRw when cleaning toilets , place cleaning products and supplies high up in the cupboards to keep out of the reach of children . learn more safety tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
v13aHzlb5bk a diamond dresser in wood turning is a grinder that will last a lifetime . use a diamond dresser with tips from an expert wood turner in this free video on wood crafts .
ZWNAzEyU2ic clouds can be randomly placed by using a paper towel . learn how to finish a winter barn watercolor painting with tips from an art teacher in this free painting video .
uplRefBFJLY bronzer is a great way to add color to your cheeks . get tips for applying bronzer to your makeup in this free video clip about how to apply a bronzed makeup look .
fDqHebhNKEY you can massage the sides of your dog with the dog either standing up or lying down . learn how in this free pet care video lesson on how to give dog massages .
U9xjGO4SiA4 you can shape a vase even after you have removed it from the pottery wheel . watch how to alter a clay vase off the pottery wheel in this free video .
hOmRI82Smpw when recording music on a 4 track recorder , you can record each track separately or you can record multiple tracks at the same time . get tips on recording multiple tracks at once in this free music production video lesson .
KC6KJFQABNw learn how to layout pvc piping while installing an irrigation system in this free landscaping video .
LcoSQSGWUz8 kick tips for the charleston dance include kicking to the side to avoid hurting a dance partner . get kicking tips from two dance instructors in this free video on dancing .
hJ6_VGOITXo horses are more advanced origami models that are fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to fold this model in this free video clip .
fKl663IrRSY learn some tips for playing your first game of dungeons and dragons in this free d & d video .
BX1APJagVqM abdominal muscles are built using a variety of exercises that train abs through several ranges of motion and careful exercise routines . build abdominal muscles with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
tz9KM0N7gQk the blitz is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
UDHJQ8UCXNU learn how to structure your board of directors for community theater is this free expert video clip .
fDh-iiNHudo a ceo 's salary depends on the firm 's size and performance . hear how a ceo gets compensated from a business entrepreneur and strategy consultant in this free career video .
KvDOWbOuZ68 each piano scale has several modes including the lydian mode . learn how to play the lydian mode on the piano in this free video clip .
AZUnpIt1EB8 learn the basic outside turn for women for salsa dancing in this free instructional video on beginning latin dance .
f3p_D7JSO9M learn tips for using foil as a sound filter in the rain stick with expert crafting instructions in this free online percussion instrument video clip .
f3Zx8Weh9q8 it can be very dangerous to split a coconut . learn a safe way to split a coconut in half with this free video all about coconuts .
aUdMrAwxJ5Y the promenade position is popular in polish oberek dancing . learn more about this dance position in this free dance lesson video .
fwLEt3v00H0 feng shui can increase vitality by including plants and bold colors . learn about vitality with tips from a feng shui practitioner in this free home decor video .
xk6lrvWz1LU dry cleaners put sweaters on a dolly in alphabetical order to save time . learn how dry cleaners organize garments from a dry cleaning specialist in this free garment care video .
lCBasx7xbpY teaching kids to read means understanding how they behave and react and not to have too high expectations ; learn more reading tips in this free child-development video .
9a_nR36tXMI high-hat loops are easy to make in logic pro 8 by simply choosing the desired high-hat sound and importing it into a midi track in the session . import and create a high-hat loop for a recording session with tips from an experienced music producer in this free video .
hLPU42wuxbs those who become personal trainers enjoy helping people meet fitness goals , cure health problems and get in shape . hear stories about changing lives through personal training from a certified physical trainer in this free video on becoming a personal trainer .
it9P7HB1D-M the rum rickey is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
XojaMVPHfCs establishing a pattern in a collage can be done by including pieces that repeat shapes . make repeated shapes for patterns in collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
ZH_4mf3Amjo speak with a french accent for acting jobs by accenting the last syllable in a word and making sounds with the front of the mouth . check out acting books , cds or an acting coach to help learn an accent with tips from a professional actress and acting coach in this free video on acting .
B70Ii4CwX9A when watercolor painting a house and church , make sure to outline and trace the hard-edged areas . learn more about watercolor painting and tracing from a professional artist in this free painting video .
KJ1aDGn2CIo learn how to safely and securely cut an outlet box in drywall with cutout tools in this free educational video series .
mxSnxP3etGo learn how to do the rolling leg lock judo technique in this free martial arts video series from a judo master .
Nza2-L8yTV4 learn about deviated septums , and how rhinoplasty can treat them with expert medical tips in this free plastic surgery video clip .
Lb9Av4hhYig learn how to add rice to arroz con gandules , an authentic puerto rican meal , with expert cooking tips in this free puerto rican cuisine video clip .
lTajFVNuT9A the dr pepper # 1 is a mixed drink with beer that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
ahsN_iU8Bo0 acting auditions are an important step in landing an acting job . get tips for practicing monologues in this free video clip from a professional theater director .
QO3MDvy0V9o watch and learn from our expert how to hold your nunchucks properly when using them in this free weapons training video on using nunchucks .
xp8i2aOJIhM a body swing in golf is a swing with power and movement derived from the body . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
6r3cJbAN4-8 the frontside 180 is another one of the many cool tricks you can do on a skateboard . in this free how to video youll see the proper technique to perform this move .
m874kE3WeoQ tips for using computer power supplies . learn how to install computer power supplies in this free video .
jyzT4x2YnoY how and where to buy an expensive purse or handbag ; get professional tips and advice on choosing and buying fashion accessories in this free fashion video .
hegdgLllYu8 hand beaded necklaces never go out of fashion . learn how to make a beaded necklace with a centerpiece in this free video clip about making jewelry with beads .
LbmI5N6C784 tips for how your lobster tail should look during the broiling process ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
TR9pqQ_9Xuw types of wood used in wood turning can include soft maple , myrtle burl , amboina burl and mazer birch . choose a type of wood with tips from an expert wood turner in this free video on wood crafts .
P2sqr7xDYhM there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in photoshop . learn how to use the crop tool in this free video clip on this great computer program .
OEAPL7a1UY0 funky eye makeup ideas include using a pigment color , a concentrated eyeshadow , on top of a cream base , packing the color onto a foundation brush for a clean application . use vibrant colors for funky eye makeup with beauty tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care and makeup .
PLxpFL9J84o making a unitard will take a good amount of fabric , and sizing is important . learn to make a unitard for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
GAEUXO3Pe1w learning how to sing requires figuring out how to stay on key , working on tone and practicing to emulate favorite singers . consider taking vocal lessons or recording yourself singing to improve your vocals with tips from a musician in this free video on singing .
fKqxK8Xy_LI how to pin cuffs for hemming pants ; get professional tips and advice on methods and techniques on sewing and altering clothing in this free instructional video .
DT9MQzegcFs how to display and serve marzipan candy and cake decorations ; get expert tips on making homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
uf9WQsIeLPY how to shampoo after giving a man 's haircut with clippers ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
LYDcwTMRsdo before buying a pet tarantula , research spiders using books or the internet . learn more about buying pet tarantulas with tips from an exotic animal expert in this free video on pet spiders .
_lSlwfvJToM hard brushes increase circulation , remove dirt and mud , and warm up horse muscles . learn more about hard horse brushes this free pet care video from a certified equine massage practitioner .
hqJIqJRHXCw the left hand verse of `` jingle bells '' is made up of c , f , and g chords . learn how to play the left hand verses of `` jingle bells '' in this free piano video from a music theory graduate .
cyKe8ZSuQ-g collage cutting tools include scissors , a knife and a box cutter . decide on cutting tools for collages with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
U2kScmWNRnw daiginjo sake is made by fermenting rice particles in a factory . learn more about how daiginjo sake is made with expert tips from a sake sommelier in this free video about types of sake .
qlSKvHERytI the snare drum is the anchor of a drum kit . learn how to play a rim click in this free video .
MdwTbHOhtwg learn how to choose design options for a personalized picture frame and get expert tips from masters in woodworking and framing in this free instructional video .
ebeRzScEYlk study long fist sequences for shaolin kung fu ; learn kung fu forms and moves taught at real shaolin temples in this free martial arts video series .
tn_qoIpcc98 learn from an expert some tips on how to try out a martial arts school in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
V18XX85SR9w make your dog 's bed fluffy by stuffing it with lots of stuffing ; learn tips on stuffing your homemade dog bed in this free pet care video .
ti-4bG6_bwQ in martial arts , a position fake confuses an opponent as to what position is being taken . perform a position fake with tips from an eighth-degree black belt in this free martial arts video .
_30PPmii4-o learn ho to cut bread dough when you 're baking with an expert demonstration in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
fCaXOEt1Ngo in yoga , perform the eagle pose by shifting the weight to the right leg and bringing the left knee into the chest . practice the eagle pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga exercises .
eykYQrQIfew a strong knot reinforcing your support sticks will preserve your kite in a strong wind . learn how to make a kite in this free crafts video .
l-gPh0b8vQ8 when saying `` i love you '' to a significant other , try going to a place that 's quiet and personal in order to truly express your feelings . learn how to say `` i love you '' with meaning using tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on love and relationship dating techniques .
YUgMJGR4EUI drawing graffiti letters can be done in hundreds of different ways , but drawing on graph paper helps the letters stay to scale , and using a brush pen creates a flared effect . draw a few different types of graffiti letters with a demonstration from an experienced artist and art supply store employee in this free video on drawing .
ehKHJo39O3Y roll and land fakie on a frontside noseslide . learn how to do a frontside noseslide fakie and what it is with free video tips from a sponsored skateboarder .
EJkDo8txZoI teleprompting developed as a replacement for cue cards in entertainment , advertising and news . learn the history and evolution of teleprompting from a teleprompter service specialist in this free video on broadcasting and entertainment .
GuAi1pRBBfk loose stuff like hats in the back of your car makes great hiding places for money , grab a stray hat and hide your money inside , get more money hiding tips in this free money hiding video .
fy64LazcBA4 straightening thick hair requires first blowing the hair out with a paddle brush , running a flat iron over small sections of hair at a time and applying a silicone-based hair product to protect the style . straighten thick and curly hair with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
f33afdeFlgs chiropractic adjustments can improve a child 's central nervous system . learn how to use chiropractic adjustments on children with expert tips from the director of a chiropractic clinic in this free health video .
h55Pdut4MA4 when packing for a bike tour , include a water filter or iodine tablets in case of dire situations . find out more about packing water filters for a bike tour with tips from a bike tour guide in this free biking video .
studW_vsdB4 a single con panna is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
CnmRuTTiDro when exhaling air , suspend breathing to keep the body completely empty . learn about zen yoga breathing suspension in this free holistic fitness video from the founder of zen yoga .
MY8QAFNF48M personal reflection eulogies may be the easiest to write . get tips gathering shared experiences for a eulogy from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
ehpJ9ZQ1X7Y speed picking can add a nice ambience to your guitar playing sound . learn to speed pick in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
LuJDIEAu1Ys a good lob shot in tennis usually hits on the other side of the court beyond the serve line . learn tips and techniques on how to hit lob shots in the game of tennis in this free online tennis lesson video .
u3RdxUvezkY preparing your body for singing involves stretching out back and shoulder muscles , as well as doing breathing and voice exercises . prepare your body for singing with tips from a pianist , singer and songwriter in this free video on musical tips .
U6nFWZfy22c to make the cheek bones look higher , apply a darker shade of makeup to the natural recess of the cheek . raise the appearance of cheekbones with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on beauty .
eyKWBJ3-lb0 take down the running back ! learn how to angle the tackle with expert tips and advice on playing the defensive tackle position in this free video clip on football .
y5Cf3tu4_60 how to wash your hair for blow drying ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
gM6LV19svBk when choosing a football , consider how old the player is and the size of the football . select the right football with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
JYPLWjzM6VI the tail end bolts of a sport bike must be removed before removing the tail section of the motorcycle . see how to remove the tail end bolts on a sport bike in this free video on motorcycle repair .
sRfq-UqSysM learn the types of shaving products in this free personal care video .
ZwPWWCI5mLE anybody can skateboard , so dressing like a skateboarder is a matter of putting on skateboarding shoes and skateboarding . discover why comfortable shoes are important in skateboarding with advice from a professional skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding gear .
74H41bUUANY which differential fluid should you buy ? learn what type of differential fluid to use in this free car repair video from an expert auto mechanic .
FXZgAmbuo3Y cartooning tutorial . learn how to draw arms on cartoon girls in this free video art lesson on cartooning and drawing females .
GprwYYSJSXI using white sauce , cabbage , and carrots , learn to make a cabbage sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
eczUxMrPKhY leeks are best planted in the spring , as soon as the soil is workable . find out why leeks are one of the most cold-tolerant vegetables with help from an organic farmer in this free video on vegetable gardening .
aJa3DYnAjqU the shuffle is one of the most basic components of tap dancing . learn the tap dance shuffle from a tap dancing instructor in this free dancing video .
czoWnfR7JgM be careful when applying spray tan to the stomach and chest because those areas are not as porous and could develop drips and runs . learn more about spray tanning the stomach and chest with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
ZtW6uCgkFY0 newfoundlands are giant dogs with very heavy coats that require a lot of care and attention . take friendly , affectionate newfoundlands swimming or boating , and keep them from jumping too much , using tips from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog care and obedience .
fJRrYm9QnKU martial arts stretches focus on increasing flexibility in the legs and back . learn about different types of martial arts stretches with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free warm up and stretching video .
q-8QIf-isJw avoid getting fired at an office christmas party by behaving conservatively , having only one or two drinks and always remembering that the boss is watching . avoid getting fired at an office party with tips from a human resources specialist in this free video on job etiquette .
ey9wxKbtSe4 how to select stones for thinning in this free how-to video .
SzTyNjYI_xs pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to duplicate tracks in this free video series .
