gk0hmh49gCQ learn tips on how to design your garden around a color scheme in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
JeNSraEFb04 fairly opaque or dense glass works best for stained-glass stepping stones in this free video series that will have you creating these unique stones in no time .
0tEaSEC_SWM beaumont rag '' has sections or parts to the song and this free video clip will have a musician show you how to play section a on mandolin .
G33aqW3DLpc wash off a facial scrub cream gently and note any flaky skin areas . learn tips for removing home facial scrubs from an esthetician in this free spa treatment video .
w3wwBG4iVVM when cards with the same ranking come out close to each other , chances are it 's a losing hand . learn how to play aces up solitaire in this free gaming video .
mNU3Gfiyk6c learn how hair dyes color hair in this free hair care video clip on beauty and fashion .
dMQiugn4gx0 learn how to brown eggplant and add cheese to make a healthy eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
DTVKBE3ImOg improve your domino polka dancing by learning how to add kneeling dance steps in this free dance lesson video .
SJHVQf1TyCA benefits of an electric toothbrush include making tooth brushing easier and creating a vibrating sensation that breaks up bacteria and stains . make the switch to an electric toothbrush and achieve dental health with tips from a licensed dental assistant in this free video on dental hygiene .
R09q_38Dtak use the key of c to find chords . learn how to find chords in upright bass scales in this free stringed instrument video lesson from a music teacher .
-429KB_xB-o looking for new lip color ideas ? get tips for applying lip color to dramatic makeup in this free video clip from a professional cosmetologist .
QTb-sVWDPi4 learn how to correctly and quickly read double picking on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tabs in no time .
Khew1boZQE0 fire ceramic glaze test tiles with different types of glazes and textures . learn about firing ceramic glaze test tiles with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
VIwn5-3Mec8 learn how to minimize the stretch on your electric guitar strings to ensure that your instrument will remain in tune and play music beautifully in this free video series .
evK1rv25SMY trying to find out whether you medical expenses are deductible ? learn about cosmetic surgery tax deductions in this free video clip about tax deductible items .
jJN_DpQFAD4 when attempting to date a libra woman , it 's important to dress well and bring lots of money . date a libra woman with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
I1RXxjSRvTU learn how to prepare thyme for a cajun ratatouille recipe in this free cooking video on combining french and cajun cuisine to make cajun ratatouille .
xgzqBGdx8qQ warm up your knees , spines , legs , and upper body before doing chi gong workouts . learn the proper way to warm up for chi gong in this free video clip .
xGXGPDRqRsA mixed martial artists use the front kick to strike an opponent 's stomach or face . learn how to do a back leg front kick in this free video on women 's kickboxing techniques .
i6vbBElf56Y the perfect snack for beer and a ballgame ! learn about ingredients for chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
ohQ4t_K20Hw to remove an acoustic guitar neck you 'll want to be very gentle and careful with the instrument . learn more about removing a guitar neck with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on acoustic guitar setups .
IANUe2zJdLI a water test kit is a pool supply that tests the cleanliness of pool water . test the water using the appropriate pool supplies with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
TlsHJ3mBqWA shake up glass etching cream before applying it . learn about etching cream for a glass etching project with the tips in this free video on how to etch glass from a crafts expert .
G-0gYel1YA8 piercings close up because of increased blood flow to the region , and piercings that close up quickly are located in the mouth and genitals . find out how to avoid a piercing closing up in this free video from an experienced piercer on body modifications .
FL0fwf_qIts tips for telling after effects how you want to see your files . learn how to work with the camera feature of adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
6H37OGztkVk strength training requires stretching like all exercises ; learn how to strength train for the triathlon in this free sport competition video .
g3ZgF8gdfLo loading a lavender still involves filling a seven-liter still with five pounds of lavender buds and fastening the lid with three clamps . load a lavender still before timing a distillation batch with tips from a lavender-farm owner in this free video on lavender .
TsXGkLkNGZU creating a cartoon character starts with taking a good pencil and jotting down ideas . design a cartoon character with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
hjS4H2iIDgE stretching is important for any exercise , including martial arts . learn how to stretch for a tae kwon do workout in this free martial arts video .
Gl22jqt_ZZM inflatable sleeping pads can get expensive , which is why it pays to repair them . repair a inflatable sleeping bag with a hole using expert tips in this free backpacking video .
E03vcRLhH-Q learn how to prepare a ham and cheese sandwich in this free alternative health video..
g38AmwPAYvg becoming a portrait photographer involves studying light , both natural and studio lights , to understand how it reacts with human skin , and experimenting with different methods of portraiture to build up a portfolio . become a portrait photographer with information from a professional art and commercial photographer in this free video on photography .
sR9Y--jgekg wedding centerpieces can be made of flowers , seashells , candles or river rocks . get wedding centerpiece ideas from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
ZvvVkPNmDFc for the plank pose in yoga sun salutations alignment is very important . learn how to do the plank pose in a yoga sun salutation with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
QkT6cX0f-uY learn as our expert shows us how to clean an espresso maker in this free drink recipe video on making your own espresso drinks .
JLtnJ8CpCy0 skateboarding is a great recreational activity and competitive sport . get a basic overview of skateboards and skateboarding , including what the parts of a skateboard are and how modern skateboards differ from old ones , in this free skateboarding video lesson .
oULUF9KcQsI artists use the cross hatching method to shade and enhance the details of drawings . learn to cross hatch with tips from an illustrator in this free video on art .
Jd4f6vh_P-U how to mix dough for gourmet triple chocolate cookies ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
pXRQyJbMhkA learn how to tell if someone is lying by their body language and how to read other body language in this free video on body language communication skills .
_GROFYNilxI how to do small strand braiding ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
LkKtIMe5UzE learn how to prepare your wall for paint in this free diy painting video .
qPv9JEpHCdM the ocean water can help you shape your sandcastle . learn how to use sea water to build a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
ih7dAqwcs-w learn how to undo and remove a bridle on a horse and how to tack up a horse in this free equestrian video on horse care and riding .
PrNtF1GosHs the benefits of tai chi movements and forms include exercise , stress relief and body control . learn tai chi movement five from a tai chi chuan expert in this free martial arts video .
pW7kGFcM2sc how to sharpen a common drill bit ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to sharpen carpentry tools in this free instructional video .
nZC1wC83AWU learn how to set up audio tracks for recording a song with apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
mBd3824e1Js learn how to form a spout for a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
NqtaWS3q0Rk here are some tips on how to get started face painting for your party in this free video clip .
XskYc5dPQeM when cleaning out kitchen and bathroom rugs , vacuum them first , wash them in cold water and dry only rugs without a rubber backing . destroying rugs with improper washing and drying can be easily avoided with tips from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free video on housekeeping .
fZVsIwz_yhg the tucked no-hander is a difficult bmx trick that involves letting go of the handle bars with both hands , while in midair . learn more about the tucked no-hander bmx trick from a professional bmx rider in this free biking video .
nr80BS_ptHI mini brag books are easier to make using a finished template as a guide . create a mini brag book using the mini brag book template in this free video .
Lef8DjUcQZ0 column clocks are a popular antique connecticut clock with decorative columns often inlaid with pearl or gold . learn about column clocks from a dealer in this free video on collecting antique timepieces .
G5IZwTmAXvg fireworks injure approximately ten thousand people a year . avoid firework injuries with tips from a fire captain in this free pyrotechnics video .
NBObNfR2n_4 introductions are extremely important to public speeches . learn tips for giving a great introduction in this free video clip about writing a great persuasive speech for public speaking .
g2o-GFdGOJE jacks to open poker games typically start with more bad hands than good . learn about various bad starting hands from a champion poker player in this free card video .
up4iH_uWS0w demonstrating a martial arts defense against a knife held to the carotid artery . learn self-defense with martial arts in this free video .
uRmlxHPvAKc learn the meaning of the hamletback goliath red or chaos card and how to play it in magic : the gathering in this free card game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
ldCLRbcOJTc draw eyes , eyebrows and even glasses on the faces of the puppets . decorate the faces on valentine finger puppets with tips from a long-time crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
hIubyjPBr4A you can recycle items from old arrangements when you are attaching items to your base . learn how to attach items to the base of a silk flower wall hanging from a professional floral designer in this free video .
g3wQOQH1vyE the majority of pro skateboarders only make about $ 1,000 a month , while a handful of skateboarders make $ 1 million , or more , per year . find out how much a pro skateboarder can earn with advice from a professional skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding careers .
xvun6QSKUUg how to properly cut guitar strings when you restring a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
SN4Z4KbTh5Y black beans are low-calorie , high fiber and have a high nutritional value for your diet ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
A_TbO9eR90I how to remove the retaining clips when replacing a u joint . learn about universal joint replacement on a car 's rear axle in this free car repair video .
mSUDPu0JACc learn how to do speed and agility drills with resistance bands in your workout with this free fitness video .
-fLn5Rfn9Yw learn how to play the second part of aerosmith 's 'dream on ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
G2hnUeetWcc how to add eye shimmer for applying makeup like the singer beyonce knowles ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
FzoUVr98JmQ best way to add spices to your paneer masala dish to ensure even distribution of flavor when cooking ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
hVYY09h1TFE rock climbing movements should include keeping the arms long , using the feet to walk on the wall and flagging out by using the leg like a kickstand . train for rock climbing with a qualified instructor using advice from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing .
eVupGK1jJYI effective push-ups require a straight body alignment . do push-ups with tips from a fitness director in this free video on exercise programs .
G1LiGqM3FhM learn how to cut onions for meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
6-ECQsPAwlo materials and more ways to sew a reversible teddy bear together explained in this free stuffed animal video .
MqT-qgNb36U do you want 6 pack abs ? here are some great ab exercises such as the 100 that will help get you there in these free fitness videos .
O6DQKL5sTL4 how to use some tips for watering and fertilizing when growing mexican honeysuckle plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
M5bWEf7Pa_A learn how texture is used as a basic element of painting design in this free instructional video art lesson .
yCqshptfV7w cheating in paintball not only cheats your teammates and fellow players but also the sport of paintball . learn why cheating is so detrimental to the sport and yourself from a paintball expert in this free video clip .
JlWrixS5B3s some kids do n't digest as well as they could . learn about children 's nutrition , food allergies , and getting kids to eat healthy in this free video .
JnhjR6nrMwA learn tips on how to properly play a barred a7 chord on a left handed guitar with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
zBvaiBdTJR8 learn how to mix red paint for your painting and tips on the basics of color theory in this free instructional art video .
g3sLd8JupoQ snap a chalk line to mark a straight line where you need to cut straight line . learn how to snap a chalk line using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
R00y8PWedYo how to begin making your piece on a pottery wheel ; all this and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
bbE54cbaylk learn how to do the essential block and kick in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
-jh0d9hE7IQ it 's a good idea to plan your calligraphy piece with a mock up . learn tips on how this is done from a calligraphy expert in this free video clip .
oUYtPYuF6DI for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , once the potatoes are soft and flake off easily , drain them . drain potatoes for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
10rpdF8tavo working on your strut mounts ? learn how to release the strut compress with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
KLZ2G8K4EjU playing violin for an audience will usually take place on a raised stage . learn more about playing violin on stage with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
AfN0e8XHrQw combining various guitar effects with one another is a great way to develop your own unique sound . learn some tips for combining effects pedals from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
YyC9iwVG4OM a copy of a spell in `` magic : the gathering '' ceases to exist when it 's not on the stack . cast spells in `` magic : the gathering '' with tips from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
IDYSDpzaAus when wearing shorter dresses , make sure the outfit hits just above the knee to ensure a good fit that 's both trendy and fashionable . wear dresses that fit appropriately and match your body type with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
IAKVFZCC1FQ learn how to create balance in your shadowbox picture frame with expert home décor tips in this free online professional framing video clip .
poP4WmPEqNg oxidation and uv rays can create a film on the surface of a speed boat . protect against oxidation and uv rays on a speed boat with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
HPa5S0e8E_0 when cleaning paving bricks , gather a scrub brush and use dish washing liquid with a little bit of bleach . clean paving bricks with tips from a home repairman in this free video on home improvements .
0b19agBJYD4 looking for someone to film your video resume ? get tips for finding the perfect equipment and filmmaker in this free video clip .
heCoVTrsr5k learn how to mix lentils and vegetables to make healthy lentil soup , following this heart healthy recipe video .
NgEVyXiGv-s jelly scrubbers are a great grooming tool for the horse 's face . learn how to use a jelly scrubber on horses in this free pet care video from a certified equine massage practitioner .
amCD0Kb54Ro triplet drum beat patterns are three notes played evenly in the place of one note . read and play triplet drum patterns on every downbeat with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
PX9PChFxWOQ assessing brake rotor wear lets you know when to replace your brake rotors . find out when you should replace your brake rotors in this free brake job instruction video .
K5EswoG7qfY feed hermit crabs pet food that is designed for their specific nutrition , which can come in powder or granule forms . discover more about what omnivores , like hermit crabs , eat in this free video from a exotic pet specialist on hermit crab care .
2j9eV9mVWtw add holes to a ceramic toothbrush holder using a needle tool . learn to use a needle tool with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
-X5oN_DEpkk in skateboarding , a heelflip varial is a heel flip combined with a frontside shove-it and requires proper foot placement . do a heelflip varial with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
og_YHlccsJo learn how to switch ollie over a board from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
Sv4lY7URhZA how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
m268gnNurXg learn what to do if garbage disposal leaking in this free home improvement video from a kitchen appliance expert .
UTB5TpfStCE squats are a good leg and lower back strengthening exercise . learn a squat exercise to help reinforce your body from a choreographer in this free latino home workout video .
IrWTGP4N-F4 this violin lesson etude line has an example of shifting . learn how to play the third line of a violin etude in this free video violin lesson from a professional violin instructor .
RTu28NrTnfE communication between the hair stylist and the person getting cornrows is important so that both know what is being done at the time it is being done and time is not wasted . braid cornrows of any size and pattern with tips from an experienced hair stylist in this free video .
Mmw6e3mC32U what is theatrical improv and how do you do it ? learn about improv for the theater in this free video series on acting performance .
QQHA3JMifrM learn about frequency knobs for a homemade synthesizer in this free instrument-building video series that will show you how to create the perfect synthesizer .
gQi4Svjf0_w discover the notes for an upright bass finger pattern on the low e string . learn about playing finger pattern 1a on the e string with the left hand on an upright bass in this free stringed instrument video from a music teacher .
QlKLwm9jB60 csi officers use calligraphy to analyze signatures . learn more about the uses of calligraphy in this free calligraphy lettering lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
pXAZIxAn3ac sound development on a conga drum depends on how you stroke and hit the drum . learn more about conga drum sound development with tips from a professional conga drum player in this free music lesson video .
uCOg9MDSttk learn about battlements to the towers in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
TIOtE19zztA finger sliding on an organ is based off of the idea of modulating or changing key by sliding a finger from one note to another instead of using a different finger for the new note . discover how this experienced organ player was able to paint a mental picture while playing the organ in order to become a better musician in this free video .
xXve4_Ga5F4 futuristic sunglasses can highlight the avant-garde aspects of a fashion design in the croquis . learn to design futuristic sunglasses for fashion croquis from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
ithzOPO37OM being able to play center field in softball requires having a strong arm and backing up and communicating with other outfielders . play center field in softball with tips from a former collegiate all-american softball player in this free video on softball .
hRqz-vXY_Nc california sparkling wines are based on the french model of champagne making . learn about california sparkling wines with tips from a sommelier in this free sparkling wine video .
HcMPpGRw2e0 learn what to look out for when highlighting your hair with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
1O-nlIyPK28 want to play jazz piano ? learn some jazz tips on spotting 4/4 time in this free video clip on jazz piano tips .
GoGvP6lwQJs use the super half fold for your short sleeve ladies ' button-down . learn how to fold a ladies ' short sleeve button-down in this free clothing care video .
m23TjLb9fVM eyeshadow for a bridal look on ethnic skin should be neutral with subtle plum hues . learn to apply eyeshadow to ethnic skin with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free bridal beauty video .
H30BiJP8eWE how to do the eiffel tower trick on your yo-yo in this free video on yo-yo basics .
bjaMhZQ6_C4 learn tips on how to write the word 'mute ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
ymN07p_-CGA breaking an attacker 's neck in self defense should only be used in life threatening situations . learn how to break an attacker 's neck with tips from a martial arts expert in this free women 's self defense video .
-hlaMfymTwA how to correctly connect your video camera to begin importing your videos in this free home movie video .
Cvsx4cK_0ic a clogged ice maker is a result of a problem with the supply water or ice that has built up on the mechanism . check the filter in a refrigerator when repairing an ice maker with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
QgGcItZMjog a whole note in music is four counts or beats and fills an entire measure in common time . learn whole notes music theory for midi composing from an audio engineer in this free music theory video .
VRfZzwrftUs adding water drop effects , in photoshop , is a great way to add dimension and character to your textual image . learn how to add water droplets to your liquid text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
NW8dGNA3zwg learn what to look for when selecting a bike helmet in order to stay safe in this free video series about biking and biking enthusiasts .
LwTBTxA4QF0 acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that can help stimulate gaba levels and help you lose weight . learn tips on how and why this is from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
VawE2_5JJMw how to pack a purse or handbag ; get professional tips and advice on choosing and buying fashion accessories in this free fashion video .
SVrCAl7QtZs in skateboarding , a front side 50-50 is a grinding trick done on a ledge . do a front side 50-50 with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
SdFFqZ3QV6w learn how to mark for drill holes when installing a smoke detector base , and other diy home fire safety tips , in this free home improvement and maintenance video .
GyLLc8VNXBA women 's swim goggles are designed to be narrower and fit more softly on the face so that female swimmers are more comfortable . find women 's swim goggles , including the tier fin , the view selene and the speedo women 's vanquisher , with tips from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
_qZoW4LcV1M paper you 'll need to make a newspaper hat and how to assemble the hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
z18j8yXgudw do n't bring dumbbells curls up to high when bodybuilding . get bigger biceps with dumbbell curls with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
qbFRUJRbYWA have you got canon xh a1 video camera for video production ? learn how to turn on the xlr inputs for this camera in this free production video .
ZBklUx1rLAY how to use reiki hand positions to get rid of headaches in this free alternative medicine therapy video clip .
Wpl3i7Xkoyk learn some great tips on how you can think like a cross country runner in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
kSKp-Ug9h8w a good winter hike begins with preparation ; find tips for hiking in winter and staying warm in the snow in this this free video on winter exercise .
Pi8_AKJkk6s look for wood abnormalities before laying out a coat rack base plate . make a coat rack base plate with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free woodwork video .
JRVzMAZaVWQ starting a sony vegas session is the first step in editing video in this software , get a tutorial in this free video .
yfuIIP-h5HE the top layer for a 3-d picture is glued on top of the clay formations . glue the top layer of a picture with expert tips in this free crafts video .
no6qtuFhGFI when comparing high speed digital cameras , the asa is the most important photography function to consider . learn more about how asa and iso are important when comparing high speed digital cameras with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
Gg2fG6m1A2k avoid problems and band break ups by making sure your band members work well together ; learn how in this free diy music management video from an expert band manager .
TlvNhPiY5Po the high hat is more than time keeper it hold the rest of the beat together by filling gaps between bass drum and snare drum hits . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
WvmJ_7nXXTo watch as a flower expert and professional gardener demonstrates how to plant and care fore fall-blooming arum italicum bulbs in this free online video about home gardening .
72f0sa_AB58 rule the sky with your daring paper airplane designs ! learn tips for decorating a paper airplane in this free kids crafts video from an expert on building paper airplanes .
rEdd6bN9Cwc how to play riff 9 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
WPenLFANMJU learn the fountain pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
ac2BvbnpH90 detailing the feathers of your rooster watercolor painting is easy when you use a few artistic shadowing techniques . learn more about detailing the feathers of your rooster watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
uzhoknK3zCw in kickboxing , relax the body and bend the knees to perform the hook punch pad drill . practice this intense fighting drill with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
pQ26O2Ts64M centipedes can be dangerous , and consequently , you should take careful precautions when moving them . find out more about taking care of centipedes in this free video .
TmnNxxBwj8k soft eyebrow wax can leave a sticky residue . learn how to apply an eyebrow wax remover ointment with tips from a hairstylist in this free beauty care video .
4Trryhf4wYw learn how to cut the paper strips for decoupaging a box in this free video craft clip .
MpbW7zb3PIY dressing for disco means wearing colorful clothes that show off a figure . pick a two-piece outfit that allows for dancing with the help of this free video from a clothing designer on fashion advice .
-VPtR7q0Dac use golf wiffle balls to practice the golf swing through repetition in the comfort of your own home . learn more about using golf wiffle balls from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
kg5OaS3G2Ag using a tablespoon of oil , saute vegetables for spanish shrimp . make sauteed vegetables for spanish shrimp with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
uy6h43_qreY planning entertainment for a kids party can be difficult and stressful . watch this free video on how to book the right entertainer for a party .
OzCNuLYmnpY blues drum press roll fills are a great way to accent a change in a song or emphasize a section . learn some great tips from a drumming expert in this free video clip on how to play press roll note fills .
Su2XlhwjH48 learn how to mold your falafel patties following this easy greek video recipe .
c_Ndqn4zAFo learn how to make a window bar , plus other diy home security and safety tips , in this free home improvement and maintenance video .
GGyBPO-BwU4 strut mounting bolts are made of a hardened , grade-a steel . learn how to remove front strut mounting bolts on a front-wheel drive vehicle in this free car maintenance video from an automobile repairman .
_FzvMVnR_aU learn how to grill eggplant for a healthy eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
w7UnDvtsvJ0 the front develope core exercise is a pilates exercise that requires engaging the abdominal muscles . learn more about front developes with tips on side-lying core exercises from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
yDpCQFb9LmQ wearing a bra is almost universal in western countries , but did you ever wonder why ? learn about why women wear bras and what function they serve in this free women 's fashion video .
lCzcXE8AfQE strengthen your core muscles with water aerobics ab exercises in this free exercise video .
9oWLFqP-il4 an expert drummer shows how to play an easy drum beat variation , with bass drum ( or kick drum ) on beats 1 and 4 , in this free beginners drum lesson video .
bqutlpStk4o how to add the finishing touches on tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
MLJNeN1o6a4 centerpieces for a beach themed wedding consist of tropical flowers and tall candles . create beach themed centerpieces with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
TkcYbr5O0ho misconceptions about hookah smoking include the type of tobacco that is smoked and general smoking stigmas . hear misconceptions about hookah with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
a40_dwl4VFU qualifications for bodyguard jobs include extensive training in combat , tactical driving and other background knowledge of the protection field . learn more about bodyguard qualifications with tips from a former secret service agent in this free career video .
GQ5z_SxVPJk glass beads can be pulled and stretched after heated to create striking designs . shape interesting glass bead designs using the craft tips in this free video lesson on bead-making from a professional glass bead designer .
qrZtX4Z1RtA learn how to do slap ups in tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
6F6SzzpfaJw what does dolly do and tammy take ? learn about mannerisms for becoming a female country western stage character in this free comedy improv video series .
Dixqa1_OvyE learn how to garnish cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
lvdw1oFTlPA a spin move in basketball is used by an offensive player to get around a defensive player . do a spin move with tips from a former semi-pro basketball player in this free video on basketball .
sMaNm23Ga6w get tips on how to stay healthy when traveling in peru , including what medicines to bring and what foods to avoid , in this free travel advice video guide .
WClypbS6RXQ how to finish applying an angelina jolie makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
nWQsklLQkIg learn how to check your mountain bike wheels to stay safe and ensure they 're properly pumped up in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
lwV_wlEKsz8 side abductions use the bottom leg for working out the inner thigh . learn to use tubing in a lower body workout for the inner thigh from a personal trainer in this free fitness video .
zCHs_QdL_wM water bottles , sleeping bags and tents are backpacking equipment should be in outside pockets . learn to pack backpacking equipment with expert tips in this free backpacking video .
AmGPgqZVHGE a freeze or pose to finish break dancing is common ; learn break dancing for the clubs in this free video on break dancing moves for beginners .
G2Go6a76xd0 before beginning equine massage it is important to evaluate your horses temperament . learn more about preparing for equine massage with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
ctTmfsK5iro gran turismo 5 cars , such as the tuscan tvr , drift somewhat precariously . get free gran turismo 5 tips on how to drift in front engine rear wheel drive cars with medium high power in this free video .
Xx_cAfl4wvQ a good organic parsley garden bed should include loose dirt and no weeds . learn to prepare your garden bed from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
rZ9nCB2Y20E pick the desired style of belly-dancing earrings , such as hoop , sparkling gems or tribal , before starting to make them . find out how to make belly-dancing earrings with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
xVpgoSCrFN0 learn how to cut bell pepper for garlic chicken ; learn tips , tricks , techniques and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert creole chef karl james .
jV50H8tH2Cg the knees are not bent and the hips are square in this pep rally dance move . learn the second six count of great pep rally spirit dance in this free cheerleading and dancing video .
_HjUdR7k_Vw learn why its important to have a mechanic check a used car to make sure it wo n't have any problems off the lot with expert car buying advice in this free online used car video clip .
G3gm_C5UueQ logic pro contains a hip hop template for creating dance beats . use a template to compose beats with logic pro 8 software with the tips in this free music production tutorial from a professional audio engineer .
U5TmIZXhG8Q bearded dragons require supplements in their diet , vitamins usually dusted onto regular food . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
x2oK6NLZZGo learn how to use aromatherapy for better sleeping habits with expert sleeping tips in this free online healthy living video clip .
PzPDz3L-ITY professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn why it is important to set up a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
dQHEgB_Houo keep your stomach muscles tight as you perform shoulder isolations so your lower body remains stationary . learn how to do shoulder isolations with stationary lower body in hip hop dance warm-ups from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
HIro8eQgC7Q in jujitsu , knee an opponent to the groin or headbutt them to the face to defend against the double wrist grab technique . defend against this aggressive attack with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujitsu .
5CQZSUIVWKk modify a hip stretch by bending the knee . workout with a partner and stretch the hip muscles with tips from a physical trainer in this free fitness video .
S3hlskt14Y8 run in place during a cardio kickboxing workout in between front kicks and side kicks . perform front and side kicks with tips from a kickboxing instructor in this free video on cardio kickboxing workouts .
y9R5uvRzweU learn what tools are needed to adjust the wheel bearings on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
md4GTqYl3nM wondering how to prepare for the music studio ? learn how to record music demos from our recording expert in this free video clip .
XERXgiL_ll0 pilates push-ups are a great way to tone muscles in the upper body . learn more about the push up advanced pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
TkytDhr4a1s pewter in a bathroom can be cleaned with commercial cleaning products , but a mixture of household products like salt , vinegar and flour mixed together can work just as well . get pewter clean by applying a homemade cleaning mixture with tips from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free video on housekeeping .
n2LbJQ5pSN4 watch as a seasoned professional discusses aquarius compatibility in this free online video about astrology in romance .
l1A_AYqfIlY reflexology techniques are performed on the hands , feet or ears . use reflexology techniques with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
KEj1rZl_dXI installing snaps on the sail is easy with these tips . get expert advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
jZJSjTQbELw avoid caffeine when camping in sub zero temperatures . learn what to drink hunting and camping in sub zero temperatures in this free camping video with a professional huntsman .
wdC8s-WgQ6g advice for finding a reputable ballet class studio for your children ; learn the dos and don'ts for ballet lessons in this free online video from a professional ballet dancer .
q-mBZlBsz-I learn how to wash mushrooms for a cream of mushroom soup recipe in this free online cooking video .
nIe7z9l_THs ingredients you need to make meatloaf ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert rich buccola .
VJrCGvzIVnA learn about the base coaches who instruct the runners on where to go after a ball is hit , as well as telling them whether or not they need to slide with expert tips and advice on baseball rules and basics in this free online baseball video clip .
D26TOVuoGA4 if you live in a small apartment or want a window flower arrangement , planting bulbs in containers is a great idea for home decor . learn more about the benefits of flower bulb containers in this free gardening video about how to plant flower bulbs in containers .
leOihL3Cqao when playing shifts on the violin using violin sheet music line seven , measure three , play a b note as a helping note . learn how to shift on the violin in this free video lesson on playing the violin .
Kz0RWMfZqYc the iphone alarm clock is set by clicking the clock button on the home page , tapping on the alarm clock button and hitting the plus icon to add a new alarm time and settings . set the alarm clock on the iphone , choosing its occurrence , alarm tone and snooze time , with tips from a digital technology specialist in this free video on the iphone .
jBcVKu10X_E the news room fifteen second signal is imperative for directing sound bites and commercials . learn more about the fifteen second news signal from an abc53 floor director in this free video .
igLD2kQV3Yw using small yellow onions which are smaller and easier to cut up for your greek fish plaki ; learn tips , trick and preparations suggestions in this free online cooking video about greek food taught by an expert chef .
g2wUCRRni28 wide toothed combs get the main tangles out of your hair . learn how to use wide toothed combs in this free hairstyle video about the tools for braiding hair .
IyNTr4qrpiA throw a head fake shot to throw off a defender in basketball . learn how , plus get tips on how to throw a floater shot in this free sports training video on how to improve your basketball game .
we4mlt9I3p0 discover how solar energy is converted to power your home . learn about saving energy in your home with natural or solar power in this free video .
b0dJVGsUfkg use the weights as anchors when doing shoulder shrugs . get tips on properly doing shoulder shrugs for upper body building from certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
_LUT0XUdhkw learn about the importance of upper body and doing some push ups in this free training video on cross country running tips and techniques .
Ijc6NGHLexw learn about giving treats to multiple dogs in this free dog care video from our pet health professional .
G0PNAsonBGk the aikido kotegaeshi wrist grab defense is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to maintain your center line by turning or stepping into them and drop them to the ground . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab wrist grab .
ODD1mULGlfI learn how to use your shoelaces to juggle in soccer with expert tips and advice on soccer skill and techniques in this free online soccer video clip .
kFJHEm8pOX4 keep ice fishing reel lubricated and it will last longer . learn more about taking care of your ice fishing equipment in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
IJih7ObgBqY knowing what to look for when buying squash plants for your garden is very important to their success and growth . learn how to choose the best possible squash plants for your garden in this free horticulture video from a veteran gardener .
nFc5A8Jz5N4 make sure clothing fabric will hold the glue ; learn to embellish t-shirts and clothing with rhinestones , plastic jewels and gems , in this free video .
6NNfJo823Co play drum high hat cymbal ride pattern for swing music with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
VwisOD8I9Xk get a walkthrough of the last two objectives in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
5zOWl0yf25o reason 4 has many preferences such as audio output that can be altered to make it bus or send tracks to aux tracks or other effects tracks . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
QZ_ZxMafAbI knowing what tools to have can be key to starting a screen print . get tips on the correct items to have from a printmaking expert in this free video .
TOS4jYEJBEw learn how to workout with pole dancing in this free exercise video clip about tips for toning the core muscles from pole dancing for exercise .
kbq_ng7IuZM a wax sculpture replica is produced from a rubber mold . make a wax replica with tips from an artist in this free sculpting video .
W2UEF_aldpc combining undulations with a belly dancing shimmy is difficult to master . practice undulation and shimmy combos with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
ua0u1E0qrJI get expert advice on how to correctly set the levels of a four track recorder for cutting vocal tracks in this free music production video guide on recording songs using a four track .
fZq8wTAYtmw to write a drama screenplay , develop a unique storyline with characters that the audience will relate to and like . help the audience invest in the characters of a drama so that when problems develop the audience will care . learn more about writing a drama screenplay with tips from a filmmaker in this free video on making movies .
M58Vusz56k8 learn about the biological aspects of depression in this free home health video .
6sygbBuoqvU a seven iron hits a golf ball 140 to 170 yards . learn how to draw with a seven iron from a professional golf instructor in this free golf instruction video .
ry2NqgQQMr8 learn some excellent tips about making the head for a nymph for fly fishing in this free fishing video on techniques for and making fly fishing nymphs .
Xp1KREDRFCA teeth in a pencil sketch are suggested rather than drawn individually . learn to sketch teeth with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
tyIdQOfLM_g learn how to do a hapkido bo staff grab and punch defense technique in this free martial arts weapons training video .
LfKAgKf5c4k to win in travian online you need to raid and to raid frequently . learn how to play travian online in this free video tutorial series with travian experts .
0VgmK0YHT1o learn how to glue the paper napkin to your bowl for a decoupage project in this free video craft clip .
fzQ2E3_xBZA in belly dance , step-touch side footwork involves making small steps with the toe while adding a hip lift . learn to do step-touch side footwork in belly dance with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
YxVyxCssYFg fishing hook sizes start at number one and get consecutively bigger . learn more about understanding fishing hook sizes in this free fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
u0SZU806giA in a bossa nova drum beat , rim-click patterns create a latin feel and rhythm by playing them in odd downbeats and upstrokes . play bossa nova drum-beat variations and discover a creative side with tips and lessons from an experienced latin drummer in this free video .
kWkc3NSmSCM play a sample game to make sure that you understand all the elements of states dice . learn how to play states dice in this free gaming video .
JasDmwqHXfc clipping a dog 's nails is an important part of dog grooming . learn how to properly clip a dog 's nails with tips from a dog groomer in this free pet care video .
H2LSe4kfDyw learn how to do a neck roll in hip hop fitness in this free and easy dance lesson video .
5V0k7bHHimw get tips for classic business clothes ! learn how to pick out a dress blouse for women 's fashion in this free video clip about fashion tips for women over 30 .
awxqSAqQXnk learn how to make virtual vomit in this free science video .
OFhgk4H5ivQ trying to do nail art yourself ? learn various tips for perfecting your nail art designs in this free video clip from a professional nail artist .
U9opZa1G9ik touch up a water bowl and candlestick holder piece by cleaning up the edges with a potter 's knife . learn how to touch up a water bowl and candlestick combo with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
kf5iZX6MRlY learn tips on how to add bus effects to a song recorded with apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
EEkxDX4AN-c ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon flower in this free video series .
X47rAvwBaXk adjust how you view your itunes library , by changing the view options in itunes ; learn more in this free itunes video lesson taught by an ipod user and expert on music downloads .
WE_Mj9wTnd8 learn about why you can learn so many valuable life lessons at martial arts school in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
J0ycpF8vSkw jigging is a typical ice fishing technique used for catching perch in shallow water . learn more about jigging and catching perch from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
gDhEbNWoivg learn how to use sticks to start a fire instead of a lighter or match , plus expert tips on how to build a fire in a fireplace , in this free how-to video .
ZURdfj1yPj8 to make nail polish stay on the fingernail , get a natural manicure , apply a base coat of polish and use a nail prep solution . be sure to wear gloves when applying nail polish with tips from a licensed aesthetician in this free video on nail care .
CnS6VKgqXZo beginning with the base of your sculpture , learn how to design your sculpture for balance and aesthetics ; tips and tricks for creating a dancer figurine sculpture in this free online art lesson about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
oSuo724qRB4 add color to clear glycerin for decorative handmade soap . pour color into clear glycerin with expert tips from a soap maker in this free video about how to make soap .
RgXnx-GkCnI head position is very important in and gymnastics tumbling or floor routine . learn some tips on proper head position when tumbling in this free video clip on intermediate gymnastics .
Y0M85F97xUk if an opponent has a long reach , use an overhead block low chop in praying mantis fighting . learn how to do praying mantis kung fu low chops in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
X89w8HwMBWo squish the clay between your hands to center tiny pieces of clay . learn how to center clay for a spout with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
m-HIQATTAQw how to cut the spaghetti squash in half for making spaghetti squash casserole ; learn more about homemade casserole recipes in this free cooking video .
fYtz64TlMmk improv guitar soloing can seem much harder than it really is . here is a video to offer some tips on how to be a better funk rock guitar player .
HEZIAgMa0VE a watercolor pencil is just a fun tool to use to get different textures in a watercolor design . become a great watercolor artist with tips from an experienced professional painter in this free video clip .
UYkBNyc6Mkk learn how to choose fabric for sewing a sachet and get professional tips and advice on methods and techniques for sewing your own bedroom accessories in this free instructional video .
Vuv_f8BTLmw point the toes straight behind you in an ardha asana . learn about a yoga ardha back bend pose in this free exercise video from a yoga teacher .
_krHPGSo_x0 now that you have spent the time cleaning your oven , learn how to keep it clean with expert tips in this free how-to video on how to better clean your oven .
EGNzAZQV-wM ask the right questions and get the right answers . find out how to improve your interviewing skills in this free series of career advice videos on radio broadcasting .
99uXqSvjQjQ your feet should slightly hang off the back of the diving board when attempting the back hurdle . learn some tips for positioning your feet properly from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
G5ZzLdUbWKU play triple threat defense in basketball ; learn how and get expert tips on the correct stance in defense in this free sports video on how to play b-ball games .
ujiF1b2CDlk how to roll curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
RYIgcWptGms learn how to play `` dani california '' by red hot chili peppers on guitar ; as featured in the video game rock band and get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar in this free music lesson video .
uX9kB80HQ6Y leave a half inch of fabric that you can sew your final strip to . learn how to make a shaggy rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
EtoEMRTwJeQ the warrior series of yoga stretches can help senior citizens alleviate stress and improve flexibility . learn the warrior stretches with chair yoga for seniors from a registered yoga teacher in this free exercise video .
qFY1jtXSd7M excess clay can be used in sculpting to help fill in cracks and imperfections . recycle clay when making celtic art sculptures with tips from an art teacher in this free video on clay sculpting .
pNwVIpCJH20 learn what clothing is conducive to juggling with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
Xw_SxYVjzZs learn what safety precautions you will need to do it yourself to save time and money to change the brake pads on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
nMJTzEyScFI easy fake bruises and special effects makeup ! watch how to apply makeup for a swollen bruise effect in this free video series on making fake bruises and stage makeup effects .
gJ4ArGWF3FA contact the apple customer service when buying a replacement battery for an ipod shuffle . find out more about buying a replacement battery with tips for a technology specialist in this free video about how to use an ipod .
mQ-iwx2a93o the bass drum and high hat are very closely linked and give a bass guitar player specific hits to lock onto . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
ncbaL_mweaw defense for boxers is centered around the counter-punch . learn how to play defense in boxing , as well as counter punch techniques in this free training video for boxers .
LEoG5Zn92xE learn how to do the bow hula hooping trick in this free hula hoop workout video .
fzXsxNFczRA learn how to make a gourd bowl in this free craft video .
XcJPmgQBTz0 car-racing sponsors can help you , but you have to help them at races , as well ; learn how with tips from our professional driver in this free car-racing video .
2aDcU32g7d0 regular pants need the buttons , zippers and pockets attended prior to folding . learn how to fold pants in this free clothing care video .
PIw_Fht1d0U elbows become crusty and ashy because of the amount of stress and movement put on the skin . get rid of crusty , ashy elbows forever with tips from a beauty editor in this free skin care video .
MY52_S_UD8s a good way to tell a three-speed is english is to check the down tube . learn what to look for to verify a three-speed is from england from a vintage bicycle expert in this free video .
g0nKtxuNSTw by mounting a cowbell onto a piece of drum hardware the percussionist has the option to play this instrument at any time while continuing to play other instruments . play this auxiliary percussion instrument with tips from an experienced musician in this free video .
4bMypl1QDog learn how to cover a valance curtain board for a curtain sewing project with expert sewing instructions in this free crafting video clip .
vOcYkwUlAuc to do lower ab exercises , try a lower leg raise that will focus on the overall abdominal musculature and the lower abs . practice lower abdominal exercises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
YIhV8MGadMc the cross advancing drill enables the martial artist to transition from warm ups to his workout . learn how to do the cross advancing drill for israeli martial arts in this free exercise video .
ZOrVW1id4GE to tweeze nose hair , apply a numbing gel , lift the hairs with a small brush , pull one hair at a time , slow and steady . tweeze nose hair with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on health and beauty .
4ioBeTfnuWM learn how to do japanese shiatsu massages of the scalp to relieve stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
5L9grQwmkH4 get creative and make your own wire sculpture ! learn how to make the tail of a lizard in this free video clip about making a lizard wire sculpture .
tkHgbyS-G7I what tools are needed to recharge or retrofit an auto a/c system ? learn about recharging a car 's air conditioner with refrigerant in this free car maintenance video .
IHlJ5DROewM the 2-5-1 note pattern on a saxophone is a popular progression in the key of e. play a 2-5-1 note pattern on the saxophone in the key of e with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
i1AMmXnulT0 how to prepare to bottle home brewed cream ale ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
-og9izOc5YM learn tax tips for home business owners with expert tax advice in this free online self employment tax deduction video clip .
mnhPWsTdYRM learn how to turn water back on and inspect your work for a leaky bathtub faucet by watching this series of free home improvement videos from our home repair expert .
Y1MxwuhKfgk combining individual and squad tactics will help make a paintball team very effective . learn about the importance of paintball team tactics in this free sports and recreation video series .
p2VP_O6yP7o what is an engine coolant system 's inlet heater hose ? learn about flushing coolant systems in this free car maintenance video .
HRJPdrESgVE learn how to pick fabric in order to make handmade purses with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
SgHKMiXE6cI to thumb the foot sen line in thai yoga massage be sure to know where fingertips are during the massage . learn more about thumbing foot sen lines using thai yoga massage techniques with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
shJW12Bf0qw when practicing the a scale on the saxophone , play thirds to master the notes . practice thirds in the scale of a to become a better saxophone player with the tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
E-qC1oT91pU learn how to stitch the lining for cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
xPdROCR9efM photoshop images can be easily converted into gray scale or index color images . learn to change modes in photoshop in this free graphic design tutorial from an image manipulation expert .
Swte08qFB2w learn about water blending with chalk pastels in this free video art lesson .
fGYc98lCoSQ play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with bass off-beat on three and four with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
TB55pjO8xU0 ice fisherman tie perfection loops all the time . learn how to tie a perfection loop to attach to a steel leader for ice fishing in this free ice fishing video .
UjT8pHMN8Q8 annuities work through accumulation and distribution periods . discover the phases of annuities with tips from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
O8nj_BPqz3g learn how and why all the plaster is removed with a pneumatic hammer when making prosthetics with expert tips on how to make artificial limbs in this free online prostheses video clip .
BAaoNKqcl9M learn how to tell bible stories with puppets and pass along your faith to your kids in this free christian values and parenting video clip .
FzQPg4aqNYc how to serve apple rice salad ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
uBYJqkJnCrY 2nd position triads on the mandolin 's lower strings are easy to play with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
K1dz274zFaU side-lying double leg lift exercises in pilates can have several variations depending on skill level and strength . learn more about the side-lying double leg lift advanced pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
sO_ao7w_LR8 stretching out your calves is a great way to alleviate stress and rejuvenate your muscles . learn a healthy leg stretch from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
hExcvhzdrJk learn how to test your body for illness in this free muscle testing video clip .
OlwbhAl8KYQ a protective coating helps to provide extra strength to a delicate happy sun clay sculpture . use a protective coating for a happy sun clay sculpture with tips from an art teacher in this free video on sculpture .
T4LwCwiMpoo when cleaning toilets , clean the outer basin by using a cloth to remove dust and debris . clean the outer basin with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
JDeIc2tSH28 for back palming in thai yoga massage the masseuse should keep hands in prayer position . learn more about the back palming thai yoga massage technique with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
_tys27JiZ5I donating items helps lighten the load during a move . learn about donating items before a move with expert tips in this free moving video .
mKeiPrLv1ZQ learn how to apply a clear coating to glass beads in this free video series that will show you how to make these decorative beads that are perfect for homemade jewelry .
qKk-OW4Fqi8 learn how to play shaker percussion with two hands in the music lesson in this free video .
scKCW4H1lrQ learn how to roll the dough for homemade gnocchi with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian cuisine video clip .
OXvQ9KcpXVY snap swivels allow fisherman to attach hooks and bibbits to their ice fishing rods . learn more about rigging an ice fishing rod from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
VS8HaXI_6xg execute a modified camel pose , by wrapping two fingers around the big toes and lifting the hips forward to stimulate the pituitary gland . perform a modified camel pose with tips from an aerobics instructor in this free video on foot stretches .
MmNnBRqRI-U when speed training on a treadmill , start with a speed that is sustainable . learn more about treadmill average speed training with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about treadmill workouts .
rK3Ux6SRHik here are some useful tips on playing melodies on a hammond organ in rock music . watch this free video on music theory .
neNE804G1Lg learn the rules of oklahoma gin from an expert card player in this free instructional video .
GtDKp0W6Y9U learn how to tie a correct palomar knot for hiking , climbing , or sailing in this free knot tying video clip .
gZ_VrSwmgR0 after trimming your parrot 's nails , file them with a dremel to make the nail smooth ; learn more pet parrot care in this free pet care video about parrots .
gjcpIxLedds indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add carrots for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
TtqAi0t4gIU learn how use a spine aligner while lying down to relieve pain in your back and shoulders in this free how-to video series on using a spine aligner .
SwtUm2G5DZs keeping notes on each interview helps sharpen interviewing skills . learn about interview performance self-evaluation in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
ejf-fgmYp6Q learn how to sight sing using handsigns in scales in this free voice lesson video from our sight singing expert and award-winning choir singer .
It99JxPaAxE start front shoulder raises in a nice standing position . learn front shoulder raises with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
GfI7QSFUSVU learn the bagpipes by using a practice chanter in this free video series that will teach you everything you need to know to play the bagpipe .
1GAiwbauReo use fine watercolor brush to create details in painting . learn more about using different brush sizes for a watercolor landscape with houses in this free painting lesson from a painting instructor and professional painter.a
sBo_mx_avRg watch an expert chef make dressing for an american potato salad in this free side dish cooking class on video .
2r-vTF8iN1c learn how to read the seven of pentacles in this free fortune-telling video on how to read tarot cards .
vRcMcLoexoA learn how to do the triangle yoga pose and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
rpI630QdP34 a shovel , a bucket and a beach . learn what you need to build a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
Y3SRD3NmdmY tips for choosing plants and flowers for your moon garden in this free gardening video .
pAlSGENipvQ how to play beat 36 on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
hDvJjk4oCXo try medicine ball squats on a balance ball . learn medicine ball exercises for strength training and conditioning in this free fitness video .
JtUzpRFR95M learn the sivananda yoga low lunge to cobra in this free exercise video .
rKnOAdMlu0Y the pelvic floor muscles , in pilates , are important muscles to stretch properly for both men and women . learn more about executing proper pelvic floor form from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
U669BDndbr0 reducing freckles involves using skin lighteners and always using sunscreen every day . reduce the appearance of freckles with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care .
WwdJe7yMp_Q learn where to place portals and how to jump on elevators to access a companion cube ; learn more expert tips about orange box 's game portal in this free computer gaming video clip on video games .
buNRJ2QWv5c to care for a labrador retriever , avoid over-feeding and under-exercising the dog , provide good leadership and spend time doing obedience training . find out the history of the labrador retriever with information from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog care and obedience .
a9blHPVAP8s learn how to read the queen of cups tarot card in this free fortune-telling video on how to read tarot cards .
12OSDO9KUMQ ultrabeat users can adjust a hip hop mix with the master fader . equalize hip hop tracks using logic pro 8 software with the free tips in this free music production tutorial from a professional audio engineer .
lEcfKpx_Fqw uncial letters have been derived from ancient manuscripts . learn how to write the letter e using uncial hand calligraphy in this free calligraphy lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
Lh6pwT34wRk in chair yoga , place the feet firmly on the floor and incorporate deep breaths to practice breathing . learn more about chair yoga and breathing techniques from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
WzMUhD8hecU ever wonder what it 's like to be treated at an acupuncture facility ? learn more about acupuncture and back pain from our medical expert in this free video .
Icz-pSNxagk get the best sound from your drums ! learn tips for setting up the floor tom in this free video of drumming tips on how to set up a drum kit .
4Ns7k8AY9kY the finish you choose depends of the purpose of your woodturning project . learn about different finishes for turning a bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
JyxrXDELZR4 for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , pick off any eyes before peeling the potatoes . wash and boil potatoes for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
rKwLqCcqnYY play a four bar progression when learning voice leading arpeggios . learn how to play voice leading arpeggios in this free upright bass video from a jazz and classical bass player .
QI6rWLojVD0 preparing your nails for acrylic application is the first step in applying fake nails . learn how to prepare liquid monomer and acrylic powder for fake nails in this free nail care video from a professional nail technician .
RsovYcAwaWU george frideric handel was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
QtwGKtxWz8g according to feng shui principles , a crystal hanging in a window attracts positive energy . bring positive energy into the home using feng shui techniques in this free video on interior design from a feng shui instructor .
f_zna_wG3zo the cafe de paris is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
PJ4faeFEV0U use fresh ginger stocks to add flavor to a sauteed lemon-lime shrimp recipe . learn to chop ginger with expert tips from a professional chef in this free video clip about easy shrimp recipes .
GczAqv1u8Ls chopping fresh garlic cloves adds flavor to a steak diane recipe . chop garlic for steak diane with expert tips from a professional chef in this free video about how to prepare steak diane .
YgZYZKeJu4c moving into a counterpose after a deep stretch helps the body recover and gain balanced flexibility . learn a zen yoga counterpose to the straddle splits from the founder in this free zen yoga video .
iWBd-2XMiQE old snowboard wax should be scraped off before new wax is applied . remove wax from snowboard base using the tips in this free snowboarding video from a snowboard tech .
NMYpjnH4XaA how to stuff shrimp with crab stuffing for making crab stuffed shrimp ; get expert tips on homemade seafood recipes in this free cooking video .
O5N3W_PAJ6w the salsa is an eight beat dance with six steps and includes stepping to the side and closing . learn to salsa and ballroom dance in this free dancing video lesson .
7NO9m0AmGHI prep clay for a ceramic handle by forming it into a carrot shape . learn how to prep clay for handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
SCT_Tf_tI98 it 's best to blow up the red barrels in the ultimatum level when playing call of duty 4 : modern warfare ; learn more tips on advancing levels in this free computer gaming video clip on video games .
t2R9HxCX2ZQ you can use a brush to paint ceramic glaze onto the outside of pottery . see how to apply exterior ceramic glaze to pottery in this free ceramics .
hYBAmZE6-Ko creating the actual cakes from your crab cake mix ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
pN5qma4462A coconut water is full of electrolytes , and it boosts your metabolism . learn how to drain a coconut in this free video all about coconuts .
0ALHptCGI4E learn what to put into your dog first aid kit in this free video clip .
pvD3P0X3vZU when training a dog to point , go out with hunters and watch pointing dogs in action as they locate game and freeze so the hunter can see where the game is . teach a hunting dog to point out and retrieve game with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
d9vu-Y0sh8s learn how to add ten jang to korean soon tobu ji gae with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
jTnoOUv2JYo a top cap will serve as a stand for the light bulb and lamp shade . learn how to make a top cap for a table lamp in this free video on home decor and lighting .
Qc5iUt4yunk in soccer , the scissors move involves change of speed , direction and the element of surprise . do a scissors move in soccer with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
Ob8EXQOeUaM learn how to prepare for the pass in a nickel defense with expert football tips and advice from a former football player in this free football defense video clip .
tQkLpnxPzk8 ge jie , or gecko , is sometimes used in traditional chinese medicine to help with breathing and urination problems . learn more about ge jie from a registered herbalist in this free alternative medicine video .
9psOM5LmJ2A cartooning made easy ! learn how to draw feet on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
XT1kQqubvkk when training a dog to go swimming , acclimate the dog to the water slowly by getting them to retrieve sticks from shallow water before moving to deeper water . swim with your dog , but make sure the dog is safe and comfortable , with help from a professional dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
p3jwMHZaKNI keep up a steady pace as you warm up by jogging around the court . learn how to jog for warming up in this free basketball video .
g-KjWJgFtKA evergreen trees do not need commercial fertilizer and require plenty of sun , lots of water and possibly a tablespoon or two of nitrogen . get evergreen trees to thrive with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on trees .
dB_eKpm--p4 the half forward bend yoga pose stretches the the hamstrings and lower back muscles . practice the half forward bend yoga pose with tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video on yoga exercises .
Jo_dKqkpqeU learn how to use some safety precautions for a jack plane and get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on using tools for rough finishing and smoothing edges of wood in this free woodworking video .
PDbM528LeSw learn how to plate and serve a healthy eggplant sandwich in this free online recipe video .
JB1N4C9zmB8 homeowners should hire only licensed contractors , plumbers , painters and electricians . learn how to hire a contractor , plumber , painter or electrician using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
OJO3P4SZPmk determining a windows xp product key can be done by locating a sticker on the computer . find the windows xp product key with tips from an experienced computer user in this free video on computers .
47OMczMF0Po some clothes just do n't lend themselves to wearing a bra . get tips on alternatives to wearing bras in this free women 's fashion video .
IJ2OlnfXyyQ whether you are doing home repairs or washing windows in your home , a good ladder can be a huge help . learn how to set up indoor ladders in your home in this free video .
PVLCpj8tnE4 get roofing safety tips to keep you safer when roofing in this free roofing instruction video .
naF-cW6-aw4 when adding a border to a photoshop picture , go into the `` layer '' drop-down menu , proceed to `` layer style '' and select `` stroke . '' add a border to a picture in photoshop , and edit the border 's color and size , with tips from a portrait photographer in this free video tutorial on adobe photoshop .
sgKBx3Z502g there is another betting round that follows in shotgun poker . learn about betting in this round from a champion poker player in this free card video .
rgiszxXPfZU learn how to use the marker , magic pipe , and t-snippet with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
W4YPt1DhPWg learn how medication can be used for treating restless legs syndrome with expert medical advice in this free health care video clip .
3XGMOpxBdnA learn about chord progressions of `` salty dog '' as you learn how to fingerpick the blues on the guitar , from a professional guitar player in this free video music lesson .
G2kVb4gINSI when standard push-ups increase personal strength enough to make push-ups more difficult , a few modifications that can be done include putting the feet together and lifting one foot off of the ground . find out how to make push-ups more challenging with help from a fitness trainer in this free video on health and staying in shape .
N-4hh5osPZA how to curl the tendrils for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
g2QdwYqm8pg applying whiteface clown makeup starts with applying a completely white base to your face and neck . learn how in this free clown makeup video lesson .
VbPD8O6-DsM flange is a guitar effect that is time-based and has a sweeping quality . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
ODdEZd6LMYc when training for an off-road triathlon , perform an extensive endurance run to increase the intensity of the run workout . prepare for the running portion of a triathlon with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
bj_hHwu5UOM riffs are a great way to practice fingering on the shakuhachi flute . learn more practice tips for the shakuhachi in this free video music lesson from a master of the japanese shakuhachi flute .
6ICEuteg_5s blank preparation involves bringing a blank to round and squaring the end . learn how to get a blank ready from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
-PxQ0JLA4Ik the ussra has a lot of information on improving as a squash player . learn how to maintain an edge in squash with training lessons from a squash instructor in this free video .
unxjjarLgys zooming is a great feature in garage band that allows you to see more or less of the wave form for editing . learn tip son how to use it in this free video clip .
kfPyIXthlP0 learn how to properly stretch before you begin cheerleading in this free video series on advanced cheerleading moves .
KeJJSX9uixw dropping the hip and pointing the toe , learn to warm-up for modern dancing with develope exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
jON_ZI-sJkU learn how to fasten a knot in a spun glass pendant necklace with expert jewelry design tips in this free crafts video clip .
ELVnpfURjDs the best position in racquetball is being in front of your opponent . learn about racquetball strategy and court positioning with an opponent in back in this free video from a professional racquetball player .
C-7XY0xhF3k attach insert papers into a squash book using correct spacing . learn how to make a squash book in this free video of squash book instructions from a scrapbooking enthusiast .
U9NpP45bL3c learn how to play back poser software characters that talk with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
LoXDy-AORjg to use a power drill , mark the designated drill spot and begin drilling slowly to firmly lock it in place . use a power drill with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
tN33m59hYdg on a beaded id badge holder , a center clip can be added so that the piece can be used as a regular necklace when not using it as an id badge . find out how to add this central clip to the necklace with great tips from an experienced jewelry maker in this free video on beaded jewelry .
_qMvuWP_rCw samurai sweep take downs are easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai fighting techniques in this free video .
FZd8Iv9ACVw learn how to buy all-season and snow tires as well as how to perform basic auto maintenance with expert auto mechanics advice in this free online car care video clip .
evjemje25tE physicians are required to complete at least eight years of medical education , followed by three to eight years in a residency program . become a physician with tips from a medical administrator in this free video on career information .
N8k-qRF03K0 the perfect topping for baked berry dessert . learn how to mix berry crisp topping in this free mac and cheese recipe from a professional caterer .
n7UBFgSX5hA the icing for the cookies should be dry and crisp so that it will not smear . make icing for heart cookies with tips from a cake decorator in this free crafts video .
GIH2PlF-rfY tai chi is a meditative practice that is best practiced without disruption . learn the concept of continuity without disruption from a professional tai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
JUvaShsDXAs chest cable flies work on shaping the chests muscle rather than building . get tips on use the chest cable fly for upper body building from certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
mt6ZJo5GEvM learn the best way to fold a hooded jacket with these expert step-by-step instructions outlined in this free laundry video clip .
ooObS3CbRjA how to hem the straps on a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
Jge-p4EKGWU learn how to jack the front of car to change the oil in your car as an expert mechanic demonstrates his oil changing technique in this free car maintenance video .
YPF84j2lNLk blacksmithing is a character profession in `` world of warcraft '' . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
zu2OetOwbDs learn how to accurately judge damage when drying wet books with expert book care tips from a bibliophile in this free online book related video clip .
P9mOEmlCEXY in belly dance undulations be sure to breathe smoothly as you step forward and stretch . learn more about belly dance undulations with tips from a professional dancer in this free dance lesson video .
m1_yDN_cjkA learn about parrot training and how negative reinforcements can damage your relationship with your parrot , in this free pet care video clip on parrot training .
FZftCNT-Vbw the ollie , the shove-it and the 180 are simple skateboarding tricks that every skateboarder should learn . perform simple skateboarding tricks with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
S_aNUSlLWNs practice improv with the `` distorting mirror '' game . learn how to practice improv with games , warm ups , and exercises in this free acting video .
N-NnCI6U52c a flight instructor 's job description includes working with beginning and advanced students in a variety of airplanes . understand a flight instructor 's job from a certified flight instructor ( cfi ) in this free video on a career in aviation .
KHykz0IbLGA learn how to hop into a bmx abubaka with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
IAGoSmMCMTA play r & b drum shuffles with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
iK68vn1MMuI controlling blood sugar can help you sleep . learn about herbal remedies to help sleep problems in this free health clip from registered dietitian .
SGBz_cHDu7k learn how to juggle three clubs with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
dabbR6gYROc a symphony conductor must know how to conduct in 6/4 time . learn about ways in which conductors communicate with orchestra members in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
JYw_AF5AwI4 it 's important for organic parsley not to remain damp when you begin storing it . learn some tips to help you store your parsley from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
UyGSPtxSDsY a snowboard nollie is the opposite of a snowboard ollie . learn how to try a new snowboarding trick from a seasoned snowboarder in this free video .
moz7fW3Cr64 learn how to fire off from a 3-point stance and how to play center in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
lBKDgY31Rn0 insomnia is common during depression and can sometimes be treated with acupuncture . learn how to trigger the bladder 15 acupuncture point for insomnia symptoms of depression with tips from an acupuncturist in this free traditional chinese medicine video .
YWT313n7k9A learn about jumping spine for a bmx over toothpick to fakie with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
jgkFaPGUL7o spirals are great variations to add to your dance routine . learn more about performing spirals from a professional dance instructor in this free video .
KwhAi1tHhNg how to blend one color to another when painting pottery . learn about artwork , painting , and creativity when working with ceramics or clay .
cQYWp7QWN64 planting japanese boxwoods ? learn tips for making planting easier in this free gardening video clip .
KUCmyds-m4k tuck the chin in yoga 's lateral angle pose to point the head and lengthen the neck . learn to tuck the chin in the lateral angle yoga pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
sBaRBp2W66I learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with two bass drums and conga off the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
NHgpXiu3HsM proper storage for your drill chucks is important when working with an electric hand drill , whether for car or home repair . learn more about using hand drills and other tools in this free video .
GiSAtoR1mvM how to do the seasick trick with your yo-yo in this free yo-yo video .
54UKmikhv7Y how to make useful items from stone in this free how-to video .
VodFE2tWtJc speed up accent beats on both tom-tom drums at the same time with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction and improvisation .
2r7xyHO1ZXs window screens in a bathroom are best cleaned by taking them outside and hosing them down . clean window screens with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
yxmrTI49IPg there are three types of faucets : compression , valve and stem , which all work in different ways . find out how temperature is regulated on each type of faucet in this free video from a home repair specialist on maintaining and fixing houses .
G1ftM-hqgTk so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on how to use a vibration tuner .
jUGEZ0WHyU8 choosing a deck stain is important to determine the finish and look of the wood . choose the right deck stain with tips from a professional handyman in this free video on home construction .
hTJI-KyYSLI give compliments to the student who is doing the right thing . learn how to manage a college classroom by complimenting positive students from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free video .
HFSJwa-_jq0 are you doing some home car repair ? learn how to line up a suspension knuckle with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
YrT_XcM70cw car-racing school is a good way to get started in racing , offering racing time in a car and licensing ; learn more from our professional driver in this free car-racing video .
PoWS7pk9yU0 learn how to add rabbit ears to the triangle of an origami vulture with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
HOUoyTnjZ4g the putting stroke in adaptive golf is similar to regular golf with a few slight differences to consider . learn how to have a great putting stroke in this free video clip .
W6TLs3oRJUc piano fundamentals of new orleans music are relatively simple with no major harmonies . practice piano basics with tips from a crescent city resident in this free video on new orleans music .
vmTWMUrTR7w two common techniques in foot reflexology are finger walking and thumb walking . use foot reflexology techniques with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
c07y9Wc7jB0 breathing is central to practicing yoga , and breath is incorporated into every pose . learn to breathe properly during yoga postures in this free hatha yoga video .
Xsmo-QVUbtE signs in sign language for indifferent and tired can literally translate as sleepy , weak or exhausted . learn more about how to sign the words for indifferent and tired in american sign language with tips from deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
LzAoAMWwC_k learn how to make homemade valentine 's gifts from a professional art teacher in this free video about making a pop-up card for valentine 's day .
1_oufG4Q5SE dark deal negates yu-gi-oh spell card . learn about the dark world dark deal in this free yu-gi-oh lesson from a strategy and rpg game teacher
l3HLfkcR8Fs when you get to the center of a bowl with the roughing gouge stop . get expert woodturning tips on using a rouging gouge in this free crafts video .
x4Gi_4XVKvo remove rust from tools using a paste of baking soda and lemon juice , allowing the paste to dissolve the rust and then wiping the surface clean with a paper towel . prevent new rust from forming on tools by spraying them with wd40 occasionally , using insight from a remodeling contractor and home repair specialist in this free video on rust removal .
rsj0jMW60ZI how to use the proper equipment sanitizers needed to home brew pilsner beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
f3HyCE_uPjc watch as a window-cleaning professional discusses how to assess a squeegee in this free online video about cleaning exterior windows .
TFUAkH1_u1I stained-glass patterns can help you achieve a more solid , sophisticated result . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
Wdq-trpLWug videography has changed a great deal in the last 10-15 years . learn about wedding videography from a professional in this free wedding video .
Lv4r_XQic4c combine an 8th note high hat lift on the downbeat of beat 2 with straight 8th notes on the snare drum . learn how in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
G1GUMky8kWc incorporating various techniques when playing the hi-hat , bass drum and snare will help you enhance the beat and style of the bossa nova drum pattern . learn the fourth groove of this latin style drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
uP4GJazMMfU cross cutting is a common technique performed with circular saws . find out more about cross cutting from a professional carpenter in this free video .
nxiwtFxHysw get the proper ingredients for making apple pie and get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
p_RDB88gQ9Q if a contract has any significant value , it 's advisable to hire an attorney to help write the contract itself . write a contract , and make sure to be specific , with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
pPwFMg4drzs to make jeans softer and more flexible , try washing them frequently with fabric softener . learn more about making jeans softer with tips from a fashion designer in this free video on denim jeans .
-mCVtpLVGDA assembling a lawn sprayer is easy with these tips , get expert advice on lawn care and maintenance in this free video .
fZM3IcM2Xs4 watch and learn from our seafood expert about mashing potatoes for bacon scallops in this free recipe video on making bacon wrapped scallops .
g9sdNEaUOZE star parties are a great way to test out other telescopes . learn more about socializing with other telescope users in this free home astronomy equipment video from a telescope designer and manufacturer .
72Eott7ms1Q learn tips and techniques for mastering the arm pressure pose and advanced arm balance yoga positions and stretches in this free online video yoga class .
WpY977oeppE the arm bar submission move is performed from a guard position and can be very painful on the elbow . perform arm bars on an opponent with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
0Jd6OJ7aG-I back pain relief at last ! exercise for backache- cycle exercise . find out how to counter backaches with yoga poses and exercises in these free fitness videos .
G21Gx_C18IA appear taller and thinner by wearing clothes based on the tone of your skin and length of your body . avoid wearing clothes that are too tight and dress according to body type with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
ECC7wSLo-V8 when conducting a bike tour , use cycling shoes to maximize pedaling efficiency . learn more about cycling shoes and helmets with tips from a bike tour guide in this free biking video .
UTa4f7UUqzA the procedure of re-charging a car 's a/c . learn about recharging a car 's air conditioner with refrigerant in this free car maintenance video .
y9SIeN1GOJ4 the massage is the main step in soothing those tired eyes . use a massage cream to protect the sensitive area around the eyes . learn how to soothe tired eyes with massage from a professional aesthetician in this free health and beauty video .
u0VD3jtxgp4 scales are played in a very similar way to scales on the bass guitar . learn how to improve your upright bass playing skills in this acoustic bass lesson from an expert bass player .
KRUfufzYHqs drawing people is all about having fun and keeping everything centered . discover how to draw people with tips from an illustrator and caricaturist in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
f6KCGd4V38c when planning an abstract painting , test out different shapes . free your mind when making an abstract painting using the techniques in this free art lesson from an art instructor .
ahk7UBVuqeY piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 13th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
y6gSb4gUpHk when drawing fairies , create a young human girl form and add mystery in the face by darkening the eyes . learn to draw with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
AU1vbL-Nk4s learn basic kyokushin karate stances in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
gOFp7aKM4i0 recycling clay is important in sculpting a happy sun so that the artist is n't constantly using new blocks . recycle clay when sculpting a happy sun with tips from an art teacher in this free video on sculpture .
JWa5no5QaZU learn how to add natural scents to soy candles with expert craft tips for making environmentally friendly , handmade soy candles .
GMerrbORnbk before doing a nollie frontside 180 on a skateboard , the regular nollie should be mastered . learn how to do a nollie frontside 180 on a skateboard from an instructor in this free skateboarding tricks video .
Gz2qsCqWNUY want a whiter smile without high cost ? get tips for using over the counter whitening products in this free video clip about easy teeth whitening tips .
ltG8tRvSOOo a pc needs to be cleaned on the inside as well as out . learn how to clean old files off of a computer in this free home organization video clip .
uph7ZsmD9ys keep large format film holders free of dust . learn how to clean the film holder of a speed graphic large format 4 x 5 camera in this free camera lesson from a professional photographer .
l1kuDkAbRww learn from our expert unicycle rider and festival performer how to adjust a unicycle in this free street performer video lesson on how to ride a unicycle .
J0oIUjloQtE learn tips on how to safely and properly use resistance bands in your workout in this free fitness video clip .
pEqZ1htezKk learn how to balance the mixes of the chorus and kick in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
UkiOjBIiWG4 learn how to play aces in blackjack from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
iqh6hpRUOl4 how to use the valve that keeps oxygen out when making your own wine ; learn more about wine in this free instructional video .
chA83ccnzmI learn how to attach an apron to a table top in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
Qi9aAgX0Hd8 throw ceramic glaze test tiles on the potter 's wheel by forming a ring with the clay using the hands . learn to throw ceramic glaze test tiles with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
h0Yw7PGcwPA produce music at home by setting up a recording space , gathering a variety of microphones and instruments , and downloading or purchasing music recording software . consider purchasing a soundboard or recording music directly to the computer with information from a musician in this free video on producing music .
bER-n-BqghI several props can be used to talked about blood pressure , including a heart model and balloons . learn more about blood pressure educational props with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
ozl1KV6i79g strengthen your legs with straight leg dead lift exercises . discover workout tips to strengthen and tone your legs in this free training video .
oM2ijZL5wS8 with laminating resin , fiberglass stays on the surfboard . learn how to laminate a fiberglass surfboard in this free surfing video about how to repair a surfboard .
Z42kdaA2Qyc people with oily skin should wash their face two or three times a day with mild cleansers . fight oily skin with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care .
fdzRGS12GtY eye makeup tips ! learn tips for applying eyeliner to fake eyelashes in this free video clip about how to apply false eyelashes .
WRUBSo2Fa8Y learn how to use the energy of the crowd to your advantage with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
LLFLsa-kcFQ for artichoke pesto shrimp , gather the pieces of thyme together for chopping . chop thyme for bread for artichoke pesto shrimp with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
IeRkzbjPu20 a mai thai is a tropical cocktail that includes rum , triple sec , lime juice , and orange juice . learn to mix a mai thai with tips from an expert bartender in this free drink mixing video .
PxEE0BGvCYs for juggling three balls , columns are when balls are thrown straight up and down . throw columns for three-ball juggling with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
iOT0XCaGZHo learn how to balance nhra racing and a home life with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
65V1s10xCN0 an important thing to do is to actually make sure that you write down any shots that you want to have specifically done on your wedding day . learn what a wedding videographer needs from a professional in this free wedding video .
79c4u8MYswA how to split a tea leaf for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
1mJNgv96ens learn the correct way to jump off of a mountain bike to ensure that you can do so quickly and easily during a race in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
EAvhl7pVsUU the 5-3 defense in football is a good for teams with no defined superstars . learn basics of the 5-3 defense with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
77C_TFh5TMI piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . the major 7th add 13 tension is a part of that you will learn in this video .
TorHEN32CUk the calligraphy `` g '' is comprised of three strokes . learn how to write a lowercase `` g '' in italic hand calligraphy in this free calligraphy lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
ui3zGvhXYJk learn the classic testicles self defense move ! get tips for doing the groin strike in this free video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
JzpahZ-genw for medium curly hair , conditioning hair products should be used . learn what hairstyle products to apply for curly hairstyles with tips from an aveda salon instructor in this free hair care video .
J1jVF4lz4O0 learn techniques for painting and decorating sneakers in this free video clip about how to paint on sneakers .
kfi7FElQVe0 in core fitness , stay tall and for a prayer position to execute the torso twist with buddha arms exercise . practice this exercise with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
uLjRAO6Yhzo the parallel leg stretch is an important stretch to utilize if you want to improve your latin dance flexibility . learn the parallel leg stretch from a choreographer in this free video .
Z8DOqlRvX4s goto telescope mounts have electronic motors for both the horizontal axis and vertical axis . learn about goto mounts for telescopes in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
RUeJvt328KA a television producer 's hardest day revolves around long days of shooting , not getting the right footage and even risking the lives of other people on the job . hear about this television producer 's hardest day in this free video on tv careers .
qEFsds8Le8A the way that the performers carry themselves during the show communicates a lot to the crowd . learn about standing and posture for marching band in this free music video series .
FBBJ7-Fj08Q for shrimp with curried onions , take care with the plating in order to achieve a beautiful presentation . plate shrimp with curried onions with tips from a professional chef in this free video series on culinary arts .
fNdYGyjI9C0 a popcorn snowman makes a great christmas decoration . learn how to make the buttons for a popcorn snowman in this free christmas decoration video .
rjZkocq9YbA the history of daiginjo sake begins in 1903. discover more about the history of daiginjo sake with expert tips from a sake sommelier in this free video about types of sake .
tK1bXZVVFuU antique clock reproductions are a great way to get the style of antique clocks without the cost and maintenance concerns . learn about antique clock reproductions in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
G3EYpadwqck learn about nebulizer medication including how to check expiration dates , care for the medicine and more with expert medical tips in this free vaporized medicine video clip .
_Ry8ZcVn3mk women 's clothing in a pencil sketch adds shape and form to the female character . learn to draw women 's clothing with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
UEfOGbo3y90 a bivi bag can make it possible for you to sleep under the stars while camping . learn how to choose the right one in this free video series .
uqlyM4FCRK0 collecting home drug testing samples is fairly simply . learn how to collect home drug test urine samples with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free drug testing video .
3Y7FLrSZzvI mounting construction for a snowboard will depend on what type of snowboard is being made . get more information on snowboard mountings with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free winter sports video .
GcLxTqAwEmc it 's a little more dramatic if the rat 's tail comes right off the top . learn how to make mixed media rats from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
r52v5oaptPo learn how to understand html computer code and learn to write html code and build your own website in this free computer programming video .
UTdAO82rDZA learn how to prepare bagel crisps for bruschetta with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
s-MBFbV-7NE to find a rising sign in astrology , one must determine the zodiac sign that was rising at the time and place of birth . determine a rising sign with tips from an experienced astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
fzegqlecOD8 watch a demo of a humorous interpretation introduction . learn how a humorous interpretation introduction should look from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
tIpMNsrxiJk looking for a dress coat ? get tips for using trench coats to enhance your women 's wardrobe in this free video clip about fashion tips for women over 30 .
dX2WZCoFX6I courbet wanted to depict all aspects of society in his art . learn more about the paintings of courbet at the budapest fine arts museum in this free art education and travel video from a director and tour guide at the museum .
gawUqHre0_4 adding the mouth to a rag doll is very important for the face of your doll . learn how to sew a rag doll mouth with tips from a seamstress and craft expert in this free doll making video .
FZrU_mEryAs learn how to write your contact information for your child at theme parks in this free video series that will keep your family and your kids happy , healthy and safe while visiting a theme or amusement park .
pzJYzpg31HQ a single con panna is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
Y6jqHXRFpyM how to season a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
JJgemMYtOcg proper technique for cutting a pineapple to prepare the pineapple for your skewers ; tips , tricks and cooking suggestions in this free online cooking video on ethnic food taught by an expert chef .
GScDCFuikT0 learn how to fold a men 's button up shirt to maximize space and keep things easy in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
PtBIgPU_kG4 judges often look at cuts of meat in pig shows . learn about the success of pig show winners from an ffa member in this free animal husbandry video .
GABiRgsSJNE when watercolor painting a lighthouse , mix yellow and rose paints together to paint the sides of the lighthouse . learn more about mixing paints to create the tone of the lighthouse from a professional artist in this free painting video .
vNYjPEtidrE putting in hair extensions by yourself involves sectioning off areas close to the hairline , gluing on strips of synthetic hair or attaching them with sewn-in hair clips . attach do-it-yourself extensions , sure to brush out the natural and synthetic hair together , with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
eQGem3ATw04 add eyes to a finished origami fox puppet in order to make the design come to life . learn the final steps for creating an origami fox puppet from an origami expert in this free craft video .
mKx2MKgNT2s learn how to complete the outer folds of the origami rose with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
rY7Hay3BQ3Q you want your song 's lyrics to be somewhat close to the way you speak in real life . edit them appropriately . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
iGG7L_I6-Ko want to memorize lines ? get tips for memorizing your lines in this free video clip about on camera auditions .
h0G7LTshPus the wasp module in fruity loops contains its own filter . learn how to fine-tune your sounds in fl studio in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
zCcHLfwpmLw take the bottom slab and place the formed clay on top of it . learn about setting up the attaching process with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
J0AZOZaPxbA save time in pro tools with keyboard shortcuts . learn about the keyboard shortcuts in pro tools in this free music recording software video from a professional musician .
J-eSlRghHxo learn how to attach the spout to a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
9ksrBUds5Ds taking off corners from a block of wood on a lathe creates flying , often sharp , debris . use tools to shave off corners on a wood lathe with an experienced wood turner in this free video on wood working .
bIsZGA-tEdc save an excel worksheet as html by going to format on the top menu and clicking options and choosing html after saving the document first . save an excel worksheet as an html document with tips from an assistant certified public accountant in this free video on microsoft excel .
uk2EgwTVcLs a convertible collar design drawing may not come across well because the folded portion of the collar can not be seen . learn more about drawing a convertible collar design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
NQ9MDwv3J1o when applying whiteface clown makeup , emphasize your eyebrows , eyes , lips and ears by adding colors such as black and red . learn how in this free clown makeup video lesson .
ObpMKBKzfRU learn from our expert how to add eggs to a gourmet coffee cake recipe in this free baking video on gourmet desserts and recipes .
mo8CDh5zAMA make sure the frame lines up with the styrofoam that you are using for support . learn how to make a portable puppet theater in this free crafts video .
9otwyLnBRs4 fine finishing the deck will smooth out the surfboard . learn how to smooth sand to create a fine finish on a surfboard from a professional surfboard shaper in this free surfing video .
G05uFub3YFc if you need to wake up in the morning the seated side stretch is a great yoga pose for energy . learn how to do the seated side stretch in yoga with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
pVQKweANaK0 to french braid hair , begin on top or in the middle of the head and interweave three separate hair segments together . french braid hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
NVqj9S3Mu_o photoshop offers many image adjustment options . learn to use the photoshop levels command in this free graphic design tutorial from an image manipulation expert .
Bc4zqlMI2AY learn the full lotus ( padmasana ) pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
K9lvIC6aeIQ how to cream butter and sugar for making torte cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
_NTe9mXJolQ so you want to be a great basketball player ? check out this free basketball warm up video on groin stretches and learn some tips from our pro .
mT2Wzu3zUQg how to add the final details to your clay dolphins you 've just created ; learn tips and techniques for sculpting in this free online art lesson about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
Nh_YkhAxefU do n't use your left hand when using chop sticks . learn why using your left hand is bad chinese dining etiquette from an international business consultant in this free etiquette video .
x2r_S5Na1Mg learn how to prepare pita bread for pizza recipes with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
PX_pwp0tdWk how to do the 441juggling trick in this free juggling video .
jn3sFqEgplk learn how to use accessories for your vintage outfit and find vintage necklaces in this free video clip .
TBFibST3SJw learn how to safely put your foot behind your head ( eka pada sirsasana ) , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
nQ5l_vL5lv0 learn tips on what the offensive line does during a reverse trick play with a pulling guard in this free video clip on american football .
wzDXESTP96M the doggy paddle is a great tool to use for kids swimming lessons and will help get kids comfortable with moving around the water . teach children to doggy paddle with tips from a lifeguard in this free video swim lesson for kids .
kJhTv4hiyFI radio station disk jockeys run interview voices through a separate channel . learn radio interview techniques in this free radio station overview from an experienced radio technician .
s-mx35djx-w after pulling a clay mug handle the next step is to measure visually where the handle will be attached on the mug . learn tips on how this is done from a clay pottery expert in this free video clip .
lkGCJEwXyas making hair look thicker involves adding curls and layers to create the illusion of volume . make hair appear thicker with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
VypLPYgpTFA practice upright bass in 3-4 time and the key of g. learn how to play part one of `` home on the range '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
kSD9tju4QtY it easier to make finishing touches on a clay free-form teapot when the clay is soft . learn about putting finishing touches on a free-form teapot with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
t6DLFSeEXH0 organizing web design files is important to make it easy to upload the files to a web site . organize web page files for an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
-uRHj5y4OYU how to care for tomato seedlings for spring planting ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own fruits and vegetables in this free gardening video .
tb2Df-sULFU learn how to use various types of hangers when hanging different pictures in this free interior design video on techniques and tips for hanging pictures .
mWDiNzHK0J4 helmets are great safety equipment for caving ; learn to cave safely in this free video on caving ( spelunking ) and recreation .
FZCF7kPIyOk learn the correct way to bind a script for distribution with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
HKlm9P9JZxU learn how to treat acne for various skin types with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip .
-bP_45gBxk4 learn to remove dead skin prior to a massage with advice from a certified massage therapist in this free video on alternative medicine treatments .
sYw6eKnPr5A learn why blinds are a good thing to have in your home in this free video clip .
bcpXVFTrYSY learn how to mix seasoning for chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
Ite7BJINgNs do n't be a victim of violence . learn how to get out of a two handed grab in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
PlL_xCax-9I open turns are great for beginning or noncompetitive swimmers . learn how to do an open turn along the side of a pool in this free swimming lesson video from an expert on health and fitness .
8IdveAeLc9s learn how to acknowledge the audience with your puppet to make your puppet come alive with expert puppeteering tips in this free online performance video clip .
UfM__ozUK2U the boat pose in yoga begins seated and builds core muscles and stability . learn advanced yoga poses and twists like the boat pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
FZCEymcpq7I the sand wedge , in golf , is a useful golf club for getting out of the ruff , hitting from the fairway and getting out of the sand . learn some tips for using the sand wedge from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
-NkGz3gHcVc learn how to make cheesecake filling in under ten minutes with this easy vegetarian recipe in this free cooking video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
Umic5wZ1kK8 music venues in new orleans include tipitina 's , the preservation hall and dozens of other clubs in and out of the french quarter . visit music venues with tips from a crescent city resident in this free video on new orleans music .
IetvlgqpyXA learn how to approach a bmx rocket manual with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
yCCQCyL9B6A you can make your coiled lengths as long as you want or you can keep them shorter . learn how to make a braided rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
tBgW-yNCt5E save unused paint after a living room project is complete . clean up after painting a living room with tips and techniques from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
RnsHH6ANWb8 learn how to install the front plate for storage shelves in this free diy home improvement video .
4IHK8g9NIqo get the best way to deglaze rabbit with wine when making rabbit stew and learn this and more in this free cooking video about game taught by an expert chef .
ihCZP65CtCQ the zen yoga pigeon double-hand dragon stretch is felt in the front of the legs . learn more about the pigeon double-hand dragon stretch in zen yoga with tips from the founder of zen yoga in this free yoga lesson video .
qpsh1cLxHXE cutting the right amount of clay for sculpture can be difficult . learn how to properly cut clay in this free art lesson video .
afDqY9qcboc watch child and infant safety car seat tips and learn about the various types of child restraints and which are best for your child in this free video on child safety seats .
jnqwiSNPJv0 try the material for the arts ( mfta ) website to get free stuff for your performance art . artists stick together with non-profits to help art impact society .
oGiBO2xVVbQ materials and tools needed to tie a woolly bugger for fly fishing . learn how to go fly fishing with a woolly bugger fly in this free video on fly tying .
XnQ9c3kmklE the best hand in poker dice is five-of-a-kind . learn about the best hands in poker dice in this free dice games video from a successful poker player .
XIe57LYbvP0 adding nutrients to damaged land can help to loosen up the soil and make it more fertile when it is time to plant . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
1TVv-l0gOeg according to traditional chinese medicine , dryness associated with depression can be treated with acupuncture . learn how to trigger the spleen six acupuncture point for dryness symptoms of depression with tips from an acupuncturist in this free traditional chinese medicine video .
KVo5zmjdqEA the southern gin cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
jVjqElzcd-w watch an expert martial artist explain conditioning tips you will need to perform a gainer in this free video clip .
ojb93sGFvMU a spindle box is used montessori counting as a way to teach a child to count . learn how the spindle box teaches children to count in this free educational video about montessori counting methods .
cl_ZI_peBQk see a few samples of what a complete model car should look like in this free video series that will having you building pristine model cars in no time .
_mq3sSuI7xQ many people forget to apply spray tan to the inside of the legs . learn how to spray tan the inside of the legs with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
xdeKR82pjLU the first thing a backpacker needs for a day hike is a small , comfortable backpack . pack a backpack for emergency and comfort when going on a day hike with tips from a backpacking guide in this free video on camping and hiking .
Tfce7xVORNU test surfboard color with a piece of foam to see if it 's mixed right before glassing . test color for a surfboard with tips from a surfboard repair specialist in this free video on surfboards .
FzUdcaxw_vs iron in a well-lit and spacious environment so it does n't seem like such a chore . learn about making ironing fun and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
UFiMh20Iw6Y understand how to buy collars that fit your dog in this free video .
uUVMTra-TAw it is not recommended that sod be put down in winter , but if it has to be done , lay down several inches of compost or top soil under the sod . plant sod in the spring or fall for the best results with the help of a sustainable gardener in this free video on plants and gardens .
-ImHtlpQoGI work on tennis volleys with an extreme angle drill . learn how to do technical tennis drills that will improve your control in this free video lesson .
K3YHaAXLn9g how to expertly make a wood box ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on woodworking tools in this free instructional video .
obhcQxKZhlA an overseas cameraman typically supplies sound equipment for the sound person . discover what sound equipment a cameraman needs to acquire with tips from a professional photographer and producer in this free video on careers .
I2qQWVreme0 learn how to finish up the origami cat with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
XbjCfSS6Lv0 for creamy tomato shrimp risotto , chop off the fibrous ends of the garlic . cut garlic and onion for creamy tomato shrimp risotto with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
sCPLnOtxwz8 a finger joint jig is a table saw setup that cuts slots in wood that form box joints . find out more about finger joint jigs in this free woodworking video .
UDVLJKjk-s4 the spine stretch forward in pilates stretches the lower back and hamstrings . learn to do the spine stretch forward pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
mSl6RoBRSlE throw a ceramic cylinder by pulling clay from the base to the top with your fingertips . learn how to throw a cylinder shape with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
LHtKKYyn8Og before you begin dog leash training it is important to be able to get your dog 's attention . learn how to get a dog 's attention for leash training with tips from a dog trainer in this free dog care video .
PbAPJFq00p0 prp , platelet rich protein , mixes with bone and speeds up the healing from surgery . learn more about how prp is used in bone augmentation surgery in this free oral health video from a dentist .
wynQdekD9hY how to pick house plant pots ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
Ewspb2HPW-Q racking pool balls is the first step to any game . learn how to rack balls for nine ball in this free video clip about how to play nine ball .
oNMyNBwi9Rg a headboard is a supporting element in bedroom feng shui . learn to pick a headboard in this free interior design video from a leading feng shui practitioner .
g2ELiaFjKfs the stay command can be used to create boundaries for a dog . learn when to tell a dog to stay in this free pet training video .
PfxOnjnkYq4 strengthen skiing legs by using a bosu ball during weight-training exercises . find out how to do weight training for skiers with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-training programs .
PnFi9K0tCgo watch and learn how to do an arm swing exercise to warm-up for a back handspring in this free instructional video on doing back handsprings .
LxMEQKaOxvc learn how to reinstall a wheel after replacing shocks with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
H2wgaYr50TQ a spinning top is a slightly more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to finish folding this model in this free video clip .
wfqUluVoWX4 johann sebastian bach wrote music for violins as well as many other instruments . learn about the chamber violin music of bach in this free violin lesson video from a professional violinist and composer .
iKngEgxCJzg learn from our expert how to add food to the processor to make arroz con pollo in this free cooking recipes video on making arroz con pollo .
gdI_u0ZOSp0 sticky keys is a computer function created by microsoft windows to help ease the accessibility of certain programs . learn to use sticky keys in windows with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
OXxn00GRxZY piping is often sewed to the edges of a piece of fabric . learn about the supplies you 'll need to make in this free sewing video .
GlwSPXA5TRg find out the supplies and equipment you need for clay sculpting ; learn to sculpt a duck decoy from clay in this free video art lesson .
kA8rrP_iaPk learn how to plate and serve falafel following this easy greek video recipe .
nSaksx5vKCc eleven by 14 , medium weight paper is good for the body of the dragonfly . learn how to make a paper dragonfly in this free crafts video .
kjipqdtEX04 do n't get fooled by misdirection play . learn how to stay at home with expert tips and advice on the defensive end position in this free video clip on football .
0hNzHtud-rc using the beat box metronome is easy with these tips , get expert advice on rhythm machines and beats in this free video .
QhUF2Wz1ywE yoga is a great way to cool down effectively after running . add yoga stretches to cool down from a workout with tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video on yoga stretches .
Sk3UeyYKPWQ how to set up dj headphones ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
GnaIjjSrQNk clothing is key to safety and comfort when backpacking or spending time outdoors . check out the backpacking gear in this free video on camping and hiking .
qmSTtPdCLpI martial artists such as kickboxers use front kick , roundhouse kick , side kick combinations in sparring matches and competitions . learn kickboxing fighting combinations such as a front kick , roundhouse kick , side kick combo in this free martial arts video .
3RGv78fCv5g juggling two balls in a column has a juggler concentrate on throwing the balls in a circular pattern . learn how to juggle in this instructional free video on juggling .
DnqHIz5bMbQ in pastel painting , shadows can create the illusion of depth . learn to create realistic shapes with pastel paint in this free painting lesson from a professional artist .
uFC8UUD5sZM learn how to do basic steps with a partner when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
ZugDrvZpAEg a green shirt for a leprechaun costume is always a good idea . choose the right shirt for a leprechaun costume with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on making costumes .
LkRQufPEifc learning to observe behaviors in children . learn how to teach and understand the behavior of children in this free video on parenting and education .
ZxtyVFI2o00 when beginning tennis , it is helpful to have realistic expectations . how much time will you spend practicing ? learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
GO77zt6C9HQ learn how to install drawer fronts in a dresser in this free diy woodworking video .
mFYgVAbeevg make delicious drinks for your friends and family this holiday season ! learn how to make this frosty egg nog recipe with expert tips in this free video .
n5tJETk2lkg learn this easy but cool looking foot work called ccs in this free video clip .
RBkJnOXLoxU white flowers pop when they are attached to a slipper , and they can even be made out of scraps of white , starched fabric . embellish a pair of black slippers using a bright white flower with tips from an accessory designer and former retail buyer in this free video on fashion crafts .
xWXzPTJo-Jk if you ca n't see the outline of the object , you have overexposed the cyanotype print . learn how to identify overexposed prints in this free photography video about how to make cyanotype prints .
uv-V3m6gJjQ try bringing a skateboard to a transition and lip slide on a coping . learn more about the nollie lip slide on a transition from a professionally sponsored skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
wnxYsfe8Ceo warming up exercises for a workout with a barbell can be done with light weights or heavier weights depending on the body part being worked on . get in shape with tips from a professional trainer in this free video on personal fitness .
xIFi-yrlzDM free self defense moves ! in this free video clip , let a ninja master show you how to do the under neck strike in ninjutsu .
qTgtizPCkVk trim a large ceramic platter using a wooden potter 's knife to remove excess clay from the base . learn how to trim a platter with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
21Nd3KuLzug firefighters use nylon webbing to tie a girth hitch around hose lines , around tools , and can be used to remove victims from the scene of an accident . see gear , such as nylon webbing , firefighters use and find out how they use nylon webbing when fighting fire or removing a victim from a vehicle in this free video featuring a professional firefighter .
QAx2obSO53o practicing restorative yoga is a great way to relax your body and release stress . learn about restorative yoga and how it can help you from a certified yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
S0jjpTz8Vbg mass flowers fill in a flower bouquet . learn how to add mass flowers to a spring flower arrangement in this free floral arrangement video .
xJWk85ejYJ4 learn how to do an oblique workout on an inversion table workout with expert tips and advice on exercise from a fitness expert in this free health and fitness video .
GIdUQK1Br54 learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about gowns for full figured women .
Jgzyys6aSx4 using concrete can be an easy way to make sure picket fence posts are set . learn how to secure fence posts using concrete from a professional contractor in this free home improvement video .
ji29t9-rjVg make sure you have plenty of tape for your custom trimming . learn how to apply vehicle decals and graphics from a professional in this free automotive video .
xvivYjKiXuA in math , the absolute value of a number is its distance from zero . solve absolute value equations with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
KN7UJrhtj-s cross picking is a common technique to play on the mandolin . learn tips on how to do this technique correctly from a mandolin player in this free video clip .
g0QHEtNjZhI a bibliography for college research papers can be written in a variety of styles , including mla and apa , and the required information includes the author 's name , the title , the publisher and the place and date of publication . write bibliographies for a variety of formats with tips from an english teacher in this free video on college research papers .
OT5DIUA9VC4 learn to make a pop-up paper balloon in this free video on pop-up gifts and cards . .
7pHZQW3nU5U if you are looking for a fun craft for your kids , learn how to cut eye holes for butterfly masks in this free video clip about easy craft masks .
q_Lh_CjzLUg learn what to do before flying an airplane in this free how to fly video .
5YLJUubBezo the object of the game of billiards is to sink all your balls and then the 8 ball , get expert tips and advice on pool in this free video .
-BC8APVpfiE learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with two bass drums and conga off the beat then on the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
kH7K-2HL5AY in chair yoga , the tree pose is great exercise for improving balance and stability . learn more about chair yoga and the tree pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
PKlzx9EQy1E adding highlights to the rocks in a seascape can be achieved with a few strokes of the brush . learn how to define rocks with expertise from an experienced artist in this free oil painting video .
hiibWNAoujU learn chinese right-falling character strokes with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language teacher in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
KoND_woMtxc how to draw a pattern for a stuffed dog in this instructional arts and crafts video taught by an expert seamstress .
qjlLoZeDgUw learn about the importance of timing in a rock and roll setting in this free video clip .
Tb-aYAuHeBU when buying a chain saw , select a saw with longer blades and more teeth for tasks like cutting down large trees . buy a chain saw with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
vp2cOoPzTHo use a bigger brush when painting gesso onto your canvas . learn how to stretch and prepare a canvas for painting from a professional artist in this free video .
_sBysMEHFHI asian food can be some of the best for you . learn about how to start cooking pineapple fried rice in this free video clip on healthy asian recipes .
JN8vcxHuzUA one of the basic tap steps is known as the irish . learn about tap dancing and how to do the irish from a dance teacher in this free video lesson for beginners .
OeGOSGuZa6I danish christmas traditions involve many unique holiday activities . learn more about the christmas traditions in denmark with this free holiday video .
2H1FfX07B7k the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a creative pop-up heart card from scratch in this free video .
z21NBfZ8f3E moving from the locust pose to the downward dog pose in yoga is a wonderful way to energize in the morning . learn how to move from locust pose to downward dog yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
mzalEOxXr-0 add ambient reverb to mixing tracks using logic pro gold verb plug-in . learn how to get the sounds you want using logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
ivXetiM7v5U learn how to draw a variety of fictional animals and characters including unicorns and other made-up critters with expert cartoon drawing tips in this free online art instruction video clip .
sNEMh7WnN80 hold the router flat when using a round over bit on a bookshelf . learn how to use a router on a bookcase from a woodworker in this free home carpentry video .
_j0O4Agz_f0 cutting into the veneer for wood furniture repair . learn how to fix damaged or broken veneer furniture in this free woodworking video .
i7Mf7xdXD9Q crossing a soccer ball can be fun , but the way in which the ball is crossed depends on a player 's location on the field . cross a soccer ball with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
LbsGHj2Akao hide thick arms by wearing clothes sleeves that almost reach the waist to camouflage the area . conceal the thickness at the top of the arms with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
12GumH7AkmM an expert drummer demonstrates how to play the drums for the beatles song `` come together , '' and shows how practicing basic drum beat variations can help you play hit songs , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
JF3x2rf9-LY learn how to train multiple dogs or train dogs and cats to peacefully coexist in this free pet obedience video , taught by an expert dog trainer .
9i9oNpqqGm0 find out what ingredients you need to make healthy guacamole in this free video clip on healthy cooking .
FTvhSYkDaHM keep your feet flat on the floor as you perform the glute bridge . learn how to do the weekend warrior workout in this free exercise and fitness video .
BFSzAevKLQQ when playing saxophone , a c minor scale would normally have e , a and b natural as flats . play a c minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
8ZHaqQdOirQ montessori counting uses sandpaper numerals that are easily made at home . learn how texture helps children to count in this free educational video about montessori counting methods .
3gKFfNodL6M during a penalty kick , the goalie must follow certain rules . get expert tips and advice on soccer rules , moves , and skills in this free video .
HEQ9KoTGaM4 hight-hat syncopation is very popular in bossa nova drum-beat because it creates a latin feel in the music . play bossa nova drum-beat variations and discover a creative side with tips and lessons from an experienced latin drummer in this free video .
IsDVVIzIgr8 toggle between beats using trigger pattern mode . learn about arranging pattern mode triggers using logic 8 in this free music software video from a music studio owner and producer .
7z2U83TZTt0 properly removing old age makeup . learn how to apply old age makeup to make someone look like an elderly person with tips and techniques from this free video .
-ZIxXnlZuk8 learn how to play and teach this great advanced bingo game for practicing arithmetic with expert teaching tips in this free online kids math games video clip .
G3k86AVFwVs the most common partial denture problem is that the dentures are loose . discover problems with partial dentures with information from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
CUtX60EJQHI what is the beasty wrap game for improv ? learn how to do warm ups and exercises for improv in this free video .
jH1pO4yhCI8 how to play cymbals and drums with a french grip ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on music theory and playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
rcAEW5ymRRE view your after effects file from all sides as you create it . learn how to set up multiple views from different angles using adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
UCuA692Fdq8 playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
XgoM_xrveO4 blocking a knife hand strike is essential in aikido . learn the shomenuchi ikkyo technique to block a knife hand strike and pin an attacker in this free video .
yXz8CPEEaXc when watercolor painting the edges of the blossom , use water to create a gradation of color in order to add density . learn more about painting blossoms using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
OQafA_3TyGI avoid stress and injury by jumping rope on a mat . learn how to train for boxing by jumping rope in this free training video on exercises for boxers .
GpMoGDW3OPU great for family photos . learn about taking photos of people with the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
8SJuZ9jR1fo how to dry hair after highlighting ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
L1m9GBoL48k learn how to use the audio compressor when recording music with home recording studio equipment . get tips on how to direct a recording session in this free video .
MGcdElgfABo the aeolian mode is the sixth of seven music modes in any scale including the g harmonic minor scale . play the violin in the key of g minor with tips and advice from an experienced musician and violinist in this free video on music theory .
NDMKMd1mPVM teach your kids how to defend against the two handed wrist grab attack and other kidnapping techniques . learn how to defend against it first from a martial arts expert in this free video clip then show your kids .
MoW6NnoWJsw how to burn a dvd using intervideo in this free home movie video .
TeyvrRdV27k learn how to cut green onions to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
cMbfsouyItM extend the eyes to enhance their overall appearance , when painting the image of a girl using watercolors . learn more about detailing and extending the eyes for a girl watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
o2YdgDrlqFs when doing a praying mantis pressing block , tuck in the thumb and use an open palm . use a praying mantis pressing block with tips from a black belt instructor in this free kung fu video .
LrSBzzcbzog linen suits are a great alternative to tuxedos for destination weddings or less formal events . learn more about linen suits with tips from tuxedo tailor in this free video on formal wear .
X3z3QmJlD08 add variety to an exercise routine with side stepping lunges . learn how to do side step lunges in this free workout video from a certified personal trainer .
-p_9l1kZWaI get an introduction to yoga body sculpting exercises and poses for new mothers in this free fitness video .
gOap2fXOzMo writing rap music can be difficult . learn how to write a good rap song with another artist in this free video clip .
V9CLfIu6yFA how to use curling iron diameters for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
1gyzAvS52Sw learn about different flexible weapons used in hapkido martial arts in this free martial arts video from our expert master david herbert .
tvV-8iQctY8 if you 're pregnant , it 's important to get the proper nutrition for both you and baby . learn the diet , minerals , and herbal supplements you should take during pregnancy in this free health clip from registered dietitian .
g2SdWBPoXZ0 to make a routine , you want to think carefully about what tricks flow well into others , so just try everything . learn how to combine different tricks when juggling three clubs in this free hobby video .
G1lpeMre7sY stop and inspect the bowl before you move on to the next sandpaper grit . learn about what to look for when inspecting a bowl from a woodturning specialist in this free crafts video .
IltrJng8m5w learn how to use shaving gel to help shave legs with expert grooming tips in this free hair removal video clip .
GHloD6zECsM problems with a car 's cooling system are usually indicated by a car that generates too much heat , a car that overheats or a car that runs cold all of the time . check the thermostat and radiator if a car engine is overheating with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repair and diagnostics .
Xr9oA7QzXPA how to scale clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
wQ5h-S8oVPg eyelash tinting is a cosmetic procedure that 's performed to help permanently color the eyelashes and create a more full look . learn how vegetable dyes , vaseline and cotton pads are used during the eyelash tinting procedure with information from an experienced cosmetologist in this free video on beauty .
nv8ASDhmcig do the bo staff cross strike technique using the yin and yang grip . get bo staff technique tips for doing a cross strike in this free video on bo staff techniques .
hGH3pC6m6Tc when changing a flat tire , undo the valve stem , release remaining air and remove the inner tube before reinstalling the bike tire . replace a flat bike tire with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
p-f_6Mbd0dk start a kwl chart to help children learn . kids will ask questions , find out what more do they know and find out what did they learn ; find out more about kwl charts in this free child-development video .
RWtxQidHkdw the rainbow kick is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
NsTU_mD_Z70 learn about the proper push-pull positioning for pistol shooting stance and how to shoot hand guns in this free handgun and firearms video series .
LwhqxYFbDu4 learn how to add wine to picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
SvGBZtf77zk sweep picking in b minor can add a nice flare to your lead guitar progression . learn a sweep picking lead part from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
XkQQJTtYhes additional demonstration of strokes and techniques used to create effects in a wall mural painting ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
lWce-CugDuI in order to drill holes in wood , a drill with a wooden drill bit is needed . drill holes in wood with tips from a carpenter in this free video on home repairs .
sDXOWRwhbog when mixing a pink lemonade alcoholic drink , add vodka , sour mix , cranberry juice and a dash of lime juice in a highball glass . create this tasty beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
k5GwBGvk_fk wine complements cheese 's high levels of fat and protein because of wine 's tannin . learn more about pairing cheese and wine together in this free video from a professional wine sommelier .
qiCW99wz3Nw rock music is about pushing limits and playing off beats on a snare drum is a good start . learn some tips from a drum expert on how to do this basic rock drum technique in this free video clip .
GUsxix5NKow many songs convey several emotions and it is important to take the audience through a journey of them as it is sung . convey every emotion in each song so that the audience feels each of them with the performer by using tips from an experienced performer in this free video on stage presence .
fZgbCwSG3Hc learn how to use the whalebone grinder artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
oVVJ7d0dKwc push-ups are a classic weight lifting exercise designed to open the chest and build shoulder muscles . learn to do push up exercises with tips from a personal trainer in this free weight lifting video .
Hfz1T9VUUJY learn how to correctly and quickly read half-bend guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tabs in no time .
OHhVmWfduYs the hookah base and stem are the two main aspects of a hookah . learn about the parts of a hookah with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
fdZOFUn4YiU reading charts for the guitar can be tricky . learn how to read guitar tab in this free video clip .
uYY4eVOiJfs the arm bar is a jujitsu attack technique used to break an opponent 's arm and stop a fight . practice the arm bar with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujitsu .
v5QKY0_aXT8 belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do the press down move in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
YGOoGDl9avY how to prepare the skin to apply dramatic makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
-NOi-BqQx1c to purl stitch when knitting , take the right needle and place it through the front of the stitch , pull the yarn around the needle , bring the right needle through the loop and pull the loop off onto the opposite needle . get detailed instructions on creating a new purl stitch and removing the old stitch with tips from an experienced knitter in this free video on knitting .
Lm6zsiTEEU8 when shaking the hips in this pep rally dance move , keep the arms straight and fixed . learn the first seven and eight counts of great pep rally spirit dance in this free cheerleading and dancing video .
CMVFsJe33vg learn what tools you need to install a custom air intake on your car , from pliers to screwdrivers , in this free auto-maintenance video from our expert car mechanic .
-7GggzElGIY interested in making stained glass projects ? learn how to lay out glass pieces on patterns in this free video about preparing art glass for stained glass crafts .
HgQ8v5Fw9HE tips for setting up lights in after effects . learn how to set up lights using adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
9sUyz5pJlaY learn how to speak on the phone in japanese with expert japanese language tips in this free online foreign language video clip .
NTJWJ9IvIJ4 antonio lucio vivaldi was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play line eleven of this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video .
oFH_wceFTug learn how to read and write music intervals for improving your playing and improvisational skills on the piano in this free video clip series .
FZrWOf-oGDk watch and learn how to tie thread to a hook to help with fly tying as explained by out expert in this free how-to video on fly tying tips and techniques .
7yx3RN6OWFQ say that on your coming out roll you get a six . so , the object is now you 're trying to get another six . learn how to play craps without betting in this free gaming video .
Repb0KoyM8w learn how to clean a car bumper before painting it with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
p4VyPHYwZvU restless leg syndrome , or rls , is a trivial condition , which makes it difficult to assess and treat . learn more about restless leg syndrome and treatment methods from our medical expert in this free video .
E60MwyQksns iron the pleats on the back of a shirt is difficult . learn how to iron the back of a shirt with expert tips in this free clothing care video .
q1UkOHpGGYM researching dog trick training is probably the best way to prepare for training . learn more about how to prepare for dog trick training with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
LuCg1vOcBEE understanding the directions used in tai chi forms is an important part of learning this meditative practice . learn more about directions in tai chi forms from a professional tai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
-YUBL5THKWk learn about the effects of alcohol on menopause in this free medical video .
U3XJLnHb_lw the best way to erase everything from a pc computer is by reformatting the drive and reinstalling the operating system . get a fresh start by removing all files from a pc with advice from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
UMN6CLt6j0w frisbee players can brush the frisbee on almost any part of the body including the arm . learn how to arm brush a frisbee in this free video on freestyle frisbee tricks and techniques featuring a world champion freestyle frisbee player .
-jR9eLffoqA how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
mxR4Wp_3Wd0 learn tips on painting the edges of your walls in this free video .
tyjspUSwUYo how to use channel volume with dj equipment ; get professional tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
JtdXSlX5tmU learn how to add and smother the crawfish to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
KDxpSCdAjuY there are a few bad habits and mistakes that can arise when learning to ollie on a skateboard . learn to avoid making timing mistakes while executing the ollie from a professional skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
2Xv0CdPgXzU throwing a change-up is similar to a fastball in baseball but is thrown at a slower speed . add the change-up to a pitching arsenal with tips from a former major league baseball pitcher in this free video on baseball .
geoOXa_xaEo exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on bosu ball ab crunches to help you in your operation fit !
rOVk6LxWxg8 a third ras waiting move in senegalese sabar dance is a twisted foot step . practice ras waiting moves with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
HwK83HuXfVI self-defense for a woman against a knife attack involves some counter-attacking . defend against knife attacks with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on women 's self-defense .
fZK9hW81XCU organic gardening is a healthy gardening technique that does n't involve the use of chemicals or pesticides . learn the advantages and disadvantages of organic gardening with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
c_UuGDcer3E learn how to remove excess water from the inside of a mug while throwing it on the potter 's wheel in this free ceramics video lesson .
FQ5TIJXPjbw learn how to prep base for christmas tree angels in this free homemade ornament video from a christmas crafts expert .
SebzD3HUeoA hear from a pro the best poses for shooting portraits ; learn techniques and pro tips for great photographs in this free video on shooting different styles of photography .
g5kjSrinDg0 which amplifier brand should you go with when choosing a car stereo ? learn tips for picking out the ideal car stereo in this free auto electronics video .
OoRJgiYdY3I improve digestion by drinking less with meals . learn how to shop for healthy foods to improve your diet and nutrition in this free video .
Ypw1TTbVg-8 watch and learn from our expert how to do a front lunge exercise for your lower body in this free fitness video on lower body cross training exercises .
G3OMdQo1zjY tips for flying lessons . learn the visual flight rules that are used for basic flight instruction in this free instructional video on learning to fly a plane .
D2LjmnpBu2U scraping is an important part of wax sculpture . carve a head out of wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
vNG_AOtftEc when buying a computer , consider what the computer will be used for and modify the computer to fit specific needs . get more memory for graphic art and a faster processor for gaming on a computer with information from a computer and technology specialist in this free video on computers .
992vMP0XQ6s pilates is one of the most popular workouts in the world today . learn tips on the roll over exercise for your workout in this free video clip .
VBZwcsPEWPg a cycling computer tells you how long you have been riding . learn more about bicycling accessories in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
AlUInJV2_4I potpourri recipe makes a great gift idea . learn how to add color and texture to potpourri in this free video clip .
GMW1RxM8NsA learn how to train for the 800m sprint with expert tips and advice in this free instructional video on running and training for the 800m sprint .
gB4vedWyOa4 in the senegalese sabar ras dance , a shuffle movement is used as a filler between rhythms . fill in the rhythm with a shuffle with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
dOOGp897ba0 a birthday party favorite ! learn how to make balloon flower in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
5Ijwml4Z0Dk learn how to sew a ribbon for a bookmark in this free home crafts video from our book accessory expert .
2I5tmwflEJQ get an introduction on the ease of maintaining a succulent plant with tips from an expert in this free gardening clip .
LPVXcnNAVLY the casino cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
nzm4hFuOFrs using a palm twist technique with a yoga back massage with deeply loosen the spine and back . learn a twisting palm massage technique with tips from a yoga expert in this free massage video .
gDZk7DMSzpc complimentary colors are opposite each other on the color wheel . learn how to create shadows using complimentary colors in this free watercolor painting video .
sv2FeJrelME buying your first dog is a big commitment . get some expert tips to consider before buying a dog in this free pet care video .
BG8w3MjpgPw clarity is an important part of diamonds . learn how clarity is appraised and judged in diamonds with expert tips from a gemologist in this free diamond video .
ZsaAFVQIgAk learn what you need to start casting spells in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
G1dr4C7dn9w remove borders from an image in html to take advantage of transparent backgrounds . code images without borders on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
Y9u3ljdbVZw piercing a belly button requires cleaning the navel with technicare surgical soap , mark where the piercing will go , use clamps to ensure a straight piercing and coat the needle with a surgical lubricant before piercing the skin . pierce a belly button only with proper licensing and certification with tips from a licensed piercer in this free video on body modification .
HhK55m4J-aU the fruity loops sampler has a built-in delay feature . learn more about modifying samples in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
PGFzMaT3Hlo using special oil , reduce puffiness in your face with a facial massage . learn how to massage the face in this free video about facial salon services .
zaCpUewYZZY leading mattress brands are often made with high-quality natural fibers and individually wrapped coils . learn more about popular mattress brands with tips from the owner of a mattress store in this free video on how to buy a mattress .
zMdWb17_kUc create a template in outlook 2007 by entering the information to be included in the template in an e-mail list , then select the `` template '' option when saving the list . find out how to create a template form to organize e-mail address in this free video on computer tips from an internet business consultant .
jeXbd8CZY8s paint words on a sign carefully , tracing the letters before filling them in . learn to paint words on a sign from a professional craftswoman in this free sign making video .
G68Be5D5BrA weight training prevents diseases in women , such as osteoporosis and osteoarthritis ; by utilizing slow movements with three repetitions , you can maximize a weight-training workout . find out how to do weight training for women with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-training programs .
PrTqi280z2M learn the basic salsa mia footwork for salsa dancing in this free instructional video on beginning latin dance .
8Vmem7srB3U learn how to attach the pocket to cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
1NozCJqmBFI make sure clothing fabric will hold the glue ; learn to embellish t-shirts and clothing with rhinestones , plastic jewels and gems , in this free video .
JwOR8Mu0Axs how to sand wood by hand ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sanding for wood furniture and other carpentry in this free home improvement video .
jlXZNPFiMtA most patches are made of jean material , and the way it is cut determines the style of the patch and the fraying that may occur . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
bKXI9tOCSuM sauté potatoes for papas bravas after getting rid of any eyes on the potatoes . sauté potatoes for papas braves using the cooking tips in this free video recipe .
O2N_1e-iU2I fresh broccoli should be really green and should not have any yellow or bruising . learn about picking out broccoli at a grocery store or supermarket in this free video on fresh produce and vegetables .
QQBuhYZ571k throwing a frisbee under your leg to your partner is a great trick to use when performing freestyle frisbee . learn more about the under the leg throw and freestyle frisbee from a freestyle frisbee champion in this free frisbee video .
ntp1gYB88FE learn how to use a light box to turn photos into a composition in this free instructional video art lesson
K2qsujzlTZA erase midi data using pro tools editing features . get rid of specific notes using the midi editing interface of pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
NMPi62qSExI learn about acoustic slide guitar techniques for dobro guitar in this free dobro guitar video .
G095RWKQ39g when buying a telescope , select a finder scope that is comfortable to look through . decide what type of finder scope to purchase for a telescope with the buying tips in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
Mj82DMHRluo learn how to cream eggs and sugar when making mocha filled wonder cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
TMK5JuSdkpw there are three different types of golf grips , including the overlap and 10-finger grip . choose the correct golf grip with tips from a golf instructor in this free video on golf .
_IMLatsh0LM warrior i of yoga can be turned into a spinal extension , but work to keep the pelvis rooted and hips straight . learn warrior i pose in core flow vinyasa yoga from an instructor in this free yoga video .
pjc5JxhGLaQ really define your abs with a stability ball workout . learn how to do double ab crunches on a ball in this free video clip from a personal trainer .
yyqHkx_l5kY upper cross shoulder pain is caused when the shoulders are rolled forward or hunched . learn how to relief the pain of upper cross shoulder problems with tips from a fitness instructor in this free video on muscle pain and shoulder impingement .
2YEypMt9KXQ a lean body mass is accomplished through hard work and exercise . build lean body mass with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
UgjXy0l49gM potential flea carriers include bedding , animals , the lawn or anybody else that has come in contact . discover all of the places that fleas could come from with tips from a pet industry specialist in this free video on fleas and pest control .
N2bGxFeHAd8 how to apply natural mineral makeup translucent powder ; get professional tips and advice on natural mineral makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
ogdFnZtK7Io types of snowboards include women 's boards , half pipe boards and alpine boards . see other types of snowboards with tips from a snowboarding instructor in this free extreme sports video .
Jq9PiarBNfY learn how to render bacon for a smothered chicken recipe with maque choux from our expert in this free recipe video on making smothered chicken casserole .
_QtdYfLacx8 after the spray tan is over , helping the client clean off excess spray tan product is important . learn how to clean the spray tan client with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
NAzSi9wN1lQ saxophone lessons should include blues lessons to round out a saxophone player 's repertoire . play a blues scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
IXwyjDf64RI when massaging the deep trapezius tissues , use a rolling motion to loosen the fibers . learn more about massaging the deep trapezius tissues from a masseur in this free massage video .
z2W_U5OHGCU learn about all the ingredients needed for a cookie tree with expert baking tips in this free recipe video on making your own holiday cookie tree .
s8qgNmbv15k how to touch up makeup and get a natural makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on beauty makeup and women 's cosmetics in this free instructional video .
whweKS0ZV8o looking for new dance moves ? watch this free video lesson and learn the brazilian samba forro dance step .
LA_63jymGU8 the cost of an eyebrow waxing varies depending on the type of salon or shop that is used ; however , most eyebrow waxings cost $ 7 to $ 17 . learn why eyebrow waxing prices may vary in this free video from an aesthetician about body waxing .
n3VB0sDSfRc whenever you talk five card draw and its variants , you need to play tight , rather than loose . learn how to play skinny minnie poker in this free gaming video .
XRr2xz2SJEc to know if it 's muscle or fat , flex the muscles and feel how much fat surrounds the firm area , as muscles grow outward and fat droops with gravity . differentiate body fat from muscle mass with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
27uIWLBjKXM how to set up dj mixers ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
G2VzB5-JkRA how to choose between retail jeans and manufacturer jeans when shopping online ; get expert tips and advice on shopping for clothes on the internet in this free shopping video .
kfpkV9vi_ww homeschooling is rewarding . learn how to get started homeschooling in this free home schooling video from an experienced teacher and education curriculum expert .
xhTvRAkOuCs the ahhh sample is one of the most commonly used samples in dj scratching , and it can be heard on tv , in commercials and in music videos . find out why the ahhh sample is so important with help from a music teacher in this free video on dj scratching and turntables .
l8-AshNezTw the crane card is a more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to finish folding this model in this free video clip .
D_slO8WGzjk glue sticks used for collage adhesive come in standard and jumbo sizes . get glue sticks for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
KHWgFheqNbs learn how to check the body with muscle testing in this free video clip .
sza9rpnjDvA orchids are not grown in potting soil , they 're grown in wood bark . learn how to pot orchids in this free gardening video .
0tSBAV53YCI want to make custom tshirts ? learn the types of stencil materials in this free video clip about how to paint a t-shirt with stencils .
4MS1kiDNUnI give your baby a bath today ; learn how to clean the diaper area of a baby in this free video on baby care , health and safety .
TNKYgpK5oxc learn how to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including how to check cuticles .
fZIHe3dXPR0 learn the difference between book value and market value in this free toy collecting video .
1NW_QIkn1tQ playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
eTZGeS4Xj1I in kung fu , perform a hook step when executing the inside crescent kick and spear kick combination . learn more about this fighting attack with tips from a professional kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
J5J5BM6Nno8 tools such as a magnetic tray , terminal pliers , and zip ties are required for installing a trailer wiring package . learn what tools you need to install a trailer wiring package in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
nGaFy4bu3wA learn how to stretch your own hands using expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
pGUZd0GE3i8 clothing for adaptive sports skiers is similar to an able body skier . learn about paraplegic ski clothing with tips from an expert winter sports instructor in this free video .
9yFHya8XwGc adding tomato and cilantro to the pan as well as dry seasonings ; learn this and more tips and preparation tips in this free online cooking video from chef donn ovshak , expert chef !
TJCtUJcQzaY make your plants the life of the party ! tips adding glitter to your houseplant companions in this free gardening and green thumb video .
3-ZnsUIEBsQ learn about the 1/24th and 1/25th sizes of model cars , which are typically the most popular , in this free video series that will having you building pristine model cars in no time .
FzaQ-Q5gSmI the circular saw , or skill saw , is a great tool to use for a variety cuts . learn more about the circular saw and how it can help you from a professional carpenter in this free video .
qPLVLYAx6X8 everyone needs makeup tips ! learn how to apply blush in this free makeup video clip from a professional cosmetologist .
DUNSfL-kjjs repair electronic drums , like the cymbal pads , by prying the pad away ; learn how with tips from our expert drummer in this free drum electronic drum video music lesson .
uUXyImdp4vA you can teach kids all sorts of things using fun finger puppets . learn a duck counting song from our craft expert in this free video .
lwVZXTGg9tY keep your performance art current and fresh by reading the news and taking in society . learn to be a performance artist who stays fresh in this free conceptual art video .
zpoDukAvPPY gladiator sandals are extremely popular because they lace up the calf . learn to draw gladiator sandals this free fashion video from a fashion design graduate student .
6ZvKBV9_D2w partial dentures come in both plastic and metal versions . examine different types of partial dentures with information from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
Mpv5yWz1Zhc reference books are useful for massage therapists and can be found in bookstores , libraries and on the internet . use massage reference books , and discover some recommended books , with tips from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
X306jHvKpsk flange effects make your fl studio mix sound wobbly and weird . learn about using flange effects in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
TtLWsjs1HqY home beer-brewing counter flow wort chillers help get beer from boiling temperatures to room temperatures quickly . get more information on how counter flow wort chillers work with tips from a master brewer in this free video on beverage making .
rZDyqQMV0Bo how to chop onion for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
BUQnu48kxc4 making a myspace profile is easy with these tips , get expert advice on myspace pictures , profiles , graphics and layouts in this free video .
plsjVTZccyA how to make the indian appetizer pakora ; learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
XzzrsZ8nZGA tuck origami iris triangles instead of folding them . learn how to fold an origami iris in this free origami lesson from an origami expert .
_NuXRLfHKTE techniques for tracing a pattern that you will eventually apply onto your glass object for your glass painting project ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson video about glass painting taught by expert jason painter .
gBq-59PgkqM learn how to identify a bad hand in crazy pineapple poker in this free video series that will show you how to master this poker variation in no time .
iP07XBAsmlw hear aid wearers should always have extra batteries . learn more about the four kinds of hearing aid batteries in this free hearing loss advice video from a licensed hearing aid dispenser .
130gZhCftpU one difference between continental and american knitting styles is how the yarn is held . learn more about the differences between continental and american knitting styles with expert tips from a knitting instructor in this free video about how to knit .
i46hsDevSTA how to slice pork for chinese hot and sour soup ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making traditional chinese recipes in this free cooking video series .
2Gxwe4Fc9lE learn how to throw an uppercut in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
HqBg0RTrpsk blood pressure readings wo n't mean anything unless you know how to interpret the blood pressure numbers . learn more about what blood pressure numbers mean with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
Vpxfreau2Ag kali is a new game and so there is not definitive strategies or a user 's guide . get some tips for learning kali from the creator of kali in this free gaming video .
Tdh3eoZjJA0 learn how to stuff pasta shells for making italian stuffed shells pasta and more about making traditional italian food in this free cooking video .
txAOr8CX8v4 ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon elephant in this free video clip .
NF-xD2e94C0 learn how to enhance the garlic flavor on your homemade garlic bread with this free video clip .
G-iyTfR5mX0 how to use a spring onion for different dishes ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
Zg2o4YKhQPc changing hands with nunchucks requires precise hand positioning . try changing hands while using nunchucks with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
GI80NCGvtQA learn what you need to file your federal income taxes online in this free video tutorial .
UeezBGgpyUE learn how to knit front and back in this free home hobby video .
37ZtKNf6Yd8 a ukulele is a cousin instrument to the guitar with four strings played in folk music . learn about ukele anatomy from a musician in this free guitar video .
gwkRV2cjFj4 dot worksheets are a great way to teach kids numbers ; make dots on a sheet and have the child point and count the dots , and write down the appropriate number , get more numbering tips in this free kindergarten education video .
hUI2QfAwR_8 how to move to the right in boxing footwork . learn about the basics of boxing footwork , techniques , steps , and movements in this free training video for boxers .
YR7Y2z0Hk_g in order to finish cleaning a shower , it 's important to give everything one final rinse and scrub down . finish cleaning up a shower with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
r1wvG-3OeRQ the f stop setting on a camera controls the amount of light which hits the film , or in the case of digital photography , the light sensor . select the correct f stop camera setting for studio photos with tips in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
yYDFtE55tRg learn how to count lines on walls in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
JTYfsIl7-Pk draw a pesky little flea with attitude by adding hair . learn to draw cartoon fleas from a profession cartoonist in this free drawing video .
f904tR0YU4Y how thick should your oatmeal be ? explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
_OwT9FT2EFI how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
rW_5bK6-3Ho backing up a hard drive and user folders on a computer is a great way to safely store data for easy restoration . follow a few easy steps and back up a hard drive with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
hWMvuNpHiT4 learn about the history of cumbia dancing with expert columbian cumbia dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
I2UMqrFKjtU dog training breaks a dog 's bad habits and can instill discipline in the home with physical and mental corrections from the moment the dog starts interacting . teach your dog good habits and positive behaviors with tips from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
U5dMpbRPwWg insert glitter by adding a layer in a graphic . learn about adding a new part to a project from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
ctEqPH1ycHk take a piece of clay and starting whacking it against a surface . learn how to make a slab with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
MNdr8ipe_NI when massaging children with earaches , use natural oil and a pillow to provide a relaxing environment . prepare for a massage correctly with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
qoU0PYnWfrs to make sweet and sour chicken with cilantro rice , you need some basic cooking utensils . learn what pots and pans you need in this free recipe video clip from a professional cook .
IRKFZL_bIIw bait oils are derived from bait fish and are used to marinate baits to attract other fish . find out how bait oils are used in salt water fishing with information from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing .
yPKSq5N01B0 learn how to do the shoulder pressure yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
f6VFsDVgQcU get a walkthrough of retrieving the suit in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
CiGPnOfjO5c many children do n't like to wear their eyeglasses , but allowing kids to be involved in picking their eyeglass frames may help . learn more in this free video on children and eyeglasses .
GVk2vE3RKVg craft supplies you need to make clay pottery with kids ; all this and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
TIiumzYhlU8 put glue tabs on a paper lantern . light up a room by learning how to make a star-shaped paper lantern in this free crafting video .
Iy_toeVXcec holes will need to poked through the skateboard grip tape and deck for tracks during the building process . place tracks with an allen or phillips screw on a skateboard with tips from an avid skateboard enthusiast and rider in this free video on skateboards .
ip6YMZ8eToc what components or particles make up an atom ? continue learning science in this free educational video atoms and matter .
jZV92fhJqDg formulate a coat rack design before starting . learn about creating a coat rack design with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free woodwork video .
zgU2C2FozHk from holding a musical saw bow to using different bowing techniques , learn all about how to use a bow to play the musical saw in this free online video music lesson on playing the singing saw .
PC2Q6Bh3HFg timeline layers in adobe flash gives users a map of animation frames . set the parameters of an animation with the tips in this free video tutorial on flash animation from a professional web designer .
oAL8SUh-ZqM selecting the right color , in photoshop , is important when creating a wood texture image . learn to pick a wood texture color from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
QGjHuisnudg learn how to start your bike on an incline in this free uphill mountain biking training video for the beginner cyclist .
zJUTS78RLGE put a little person behind a lacy curtain on your peek-a-boo mat . learn how to make a peek-a-boo play mat out of recycled jeans in this free crafts video .
T5G_IAq7lqQ create background in photoshop to make text stand out . learn some tips for making text that looks like it is made of plastic from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
xD7F8BpAM1I how to finish sharpening push mower blades ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
qeXkrfGanJA learn how to arrange clay tiles to make a mosaic tile table in this free ceramics video tutorial .
AkXjxTeBEzY how to make a simple pirate 's hat using newspaper and assembling the hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
SRomRi0GMvs the best way to thread facial hair is by taking the thread and putting it around the neck . remove unwanted facial hair by threading the hair on the face with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
pF9Qg1Ocv5c learn about different agility tips and techniques from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video .
G23G21G49dk coiling utility rope does not have to be as carefully coiled as climbing rope . learn how to coil a campsite rope and other non-climbing ropes in this free video .
O5ckrq_ICmQ blend darker eye makeup onto the skin after add light tones and contouring . learn to apply eye makeup for television and film in this free cosmetics video with a movie makeup artist .
gS3MnTPVqjU in jiu-jitsu , straight ankle locks are leg locks in which an opponent 's ankle is stuck under the armpit . do straight ankle locks with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
nu1HBrmzUYw when adding beads to the pico bead trim , weave the thread in the fabric so that it is as hidden as possible . add beads for pico bead trim with tips from a crafts enthusiast and teacher in this free video on arts and crafts .
kEtB0FmFfps skeptical of tooth whitening products ? learn how to find tooth whitening products that work in this free video clip about easy teeth whitening tips .
_j6jF_3Vkis great for parties ! learn about adding poached pears to chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
RA_UHKRkB6I learning to rock n ' roll on a skateboard will help you feeble fakie . get tips on learning a feeble fakie from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
cyqr5PZgT9I weight options when buying fly fishing line . learn about fly fishing gear , supplies , and other equipment in this free video .
wOpuzVRThM8 when using jujitsu to defend against a ground headlock , sit back on the heels and prevent the opponent from rolling . defend against a ground headlock with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujitsu .
KxVy0dWF73s to fix an electric oven that seems to heat poorly , turn the oven to a high setting and examine the heating elements for dark spots , which indicates a problem . simply replace the heating elements by unscrewing them from the back with advice from a licensed remodeling contractor in this free video on home maintenance .
2gDNHeqra5Y draw sexy cartoon eyelashes ; learn how to draw eyelashes on cartoon girls in this free video art lesson on cartooning and drawing females .
WpQQlcHzOdY tips on getting office pictures as christmas gifts for co-workers in this free holiday video so that you take the guesswork out of office holiday party gift giving .
zI6xHU9oBuA allows you skip around photos on your memory card . learn the quick way to track down your photos on the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
JMz2YA_aad0 learn how the way you dress can be an asset to your comedy with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
WaLMA83nsX0 help kids learn to read by exploring their imagination by reading the clouds ; learn how to teach children to read in this free child-development video .
wZC0nx6CGRI in kung fu , the horse stance is used as a stationary fighting position for side to side movements . practice the horse stance technique with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
g1uA0f9I0Sg the best hosiery to wear with open-toed shoes are hose that do n't have any hem lines or reinforcements . avoid unattractive hem lines or reinforcements with open-toe footwear with tips from an experienced retail shoe store manager in this free video on fashion .
7zuJrzsnds8 learn about the limitless possibilities of animals , people , and objects you can make with balloon folding with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
Rx_MsroJUx8 the arizona sunrise is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
LMFs6glOlr4 watch as an expert bachelor explains the rules of dating a supermodel in this free online video about attracting women .
3IK3n6cf0x8 demonstrating rear deltoid lateral rows with an exercise ball . learn how to train and exercise with a stability ball in this free video on fitness and health .
K6djZyRD_I8 the g7 chord for the saxophone can be sounded four different ways . form the g7 chord from the notes of saxophone scales with the playing tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
sSZW1y4B8iE learn how to defend against a head lock choke hold with this easy bushido martial arts lesson in this free martial arts video from a bushido expert .
VCUZJWuMDd8 preparation for waxing the back is important for the client and waxer . learn about body waxing for men and how to wax the back in this free waxing and grooming video .
jjaluvrmuLI the fat flush diet helps people lose weight by taking stress off of the liver . try the fat flush diet with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
jkNgv14CzbA practicing to fall , spin and then recover at high speed , while on ice hockey skates , is a great way to improve your balance . learn some ice hockey balancing techniques from a professional ice hockey player in this free sports video .
aeu30QZUV68 see a full demonstration of mambo choreography in this free instructional dance video..
OZmrLjx705M how to pick greenery for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
OM54_fWTurU how to add a raspberry glaze to `` death by chocolate '' cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
u2e8d2a0e9k to begin a siamese cat drawing , start with the darkest-colored conte crayon . draw a siamese cat with conte crayons with tips from a professional illustrator in this free video about learning to draw .
LXcQFuooL6Y depending on the insurance carrier , owning multiple vehicles can reduce auto insurance premiums . however , learn about the dangers of claiming more than one car on an auto insurance policy in this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
MNMVMekhixs the eighth note in the a melodic minor scale on violin is an a natural on the d string . play the eighth note of the a melodic minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
Eaf7XL7vQSA women should feel safe when traveling but a woman traveling along does need to be careful . this free travel video will give you some tips to help keep you safe when traveling .
fzm-AzP1GHo get skateboarding trick tips for avoiding common mistakes with the fakie smith stall in this free skateboarding video .
L1_uk549-0I in `` magic : the gathering , '' any creature that has zero toughness points is put in an owner 's graveyard . learn the zero toughness rule in `` magic : the gathering '' from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
g3ushtMfLiY learn how to hang scarves from your hips while belly dancing with a veil from a professional in this free video on becoming a belly dancer .
6vz4ChI-yQA to block someone from e-mailing a yahoo ! account , sign in to the account , select `` mail options '' and then `` block addresses , '' where the address can be entered . keep someone from sending you yahoo ! e-mails by following the easy steps in this free video from an internet business consultant .
d3t7ehFyrVc learn how to form the clay flange when making a porcelain tea pot in this free ceramics video lesson .
uuLwgu1L3F8 watch as an expert bachelor explains how to get a supermodel to buy you gifts in this free online video about attracting women .
zKi_LYP1r4I checking the processor on a laptop computer is done by going to my computer , properties and then looking under the general tab , which will display the processor speed . verify the processor speed on a laptop computer with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
IfovEZqtE8w form a thick donut when undercutting the clay to form the bottom of a clay bottle . learn how to form the bottom of a clay bottle on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
v1R4y78lMf0 salty food goes well with acidic wines . learn the salty foods with acidic wine rule in how to pair food and wine from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
P8qZrnp74vg learn how to go from the flower base into the frog base when making an origami orchid with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
HQaMEp4N5cw back lighting with a single light can be quite dramatic in studio photography . learn more about dramatic lighting effects with expertise from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
-SqIq_B0tzA arrange the tiles on a hand mirror to fit your design . learn how to arrange a mosaic tiled hand mirror at home in this free crafting video .
f2Aj6fdcUbo when massaging arms , use thumbs and gentle pressure to relieve strain on the flexors on the inside of the arms and extensors on the outside of arms . learn how to massage arms in this free instructional video on massage techniques from a professional massage therapist .
P3FKiaryD30 in kickboxing , fire the hips and waist to perform the moving straight lead and uppercut pad drill combination . practice this powerful fighting combo with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
_NibHx6_w0g make him cringe in olfactory wonder at the smelly pens office prank ! learn how in this free video on office pranks .
pLKKMK8OAX8 learn how to use the tv , film and music guide to help you get a record deal , or recording contract in this free online instructional video .
UeDHg-qec1c hemming edges is important in unitards and most home sewing projects . learn to make a unitard for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
kAx0t-_4cw8 play a sample game of `` ship , captain and crew '' so that you are clear on the strategy . learn how to play the dice game , `` ship , captain and crew , '' in this free gaming video .
t3pi9e-qHd0 what you can do to a piano to improve its performance , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free video lesson about musical instruments taught by a piano tuning and care expert .
fzXgYPSnaDs use several maggots on a hook when ice fishing . learn more tips for baiting hooks in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
Go7a-8PM_6E learn chest exercises in baby boomer yoga from a professional hatha yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
6wtpxGbQUsM learn how to trim a man 's eyebrows in this free men 's hygiene and grooming video clip .
vTzopg-VcL0 cooking suggestions for your kasha and how long it should cook on the stove ; learn this and more in this free recipe video cooking series taught by expert chef emory davis .
MVmv-M3y5CU learn from our expert yoga instructor how to do standing hip rolls for prenatal yoga for prenatal yoga in this free fitness video on yoga for pregnant women .
LfVtMIpg4yQ learn about aiming practice tips when you shoot spit wads with expert tips in this free online video clip for kids and students .
UpFBzQzTlgk archery techniques for beginners : get tips on how to load a bow plus learn safety techniques in this beginner archery video lesson .
NiyG0JoJfOI simple sewing techniques can be used when attaching charms to a homemade bracelet . attach charms when making bracelets out of pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
GO1tBFEZrrc learn the technique for a two hand over shoulder throw in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
X-3G-LlUWa0 confidence is a necessity of all performers of course but even more important is the sense of vulnerability which will effect an audience well after they leave . learn tips on how to use both of these emotions to capture an audience from a professional performer in this free video .
QHRR-lyaLMo want to act with accents ? get tips for acting auditions in this free video clip from a professional casting director
-9c3HwvHykE use a fist or open hand when doing a praying mantis pressing block high low strike . learn how to do praying mantis kung fu strikes in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
JVYPp39GCDQ steam cleaning clothing at home is a good option for one or two item cycles . learn how to seam clean clothes from a professional cleaner in this free laundry washing video .
QgHeSTky6U8 learn to make an origami bird with instructions from a professional artist in this free video on easy origami projects .
MinG2mpbxc8 how to use brushes for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silkscreening video .
LEaDKRufEqo the ear can be shaped with heat and tools . carve a head out of wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
YRMxpL99I9M how drugs & alcohol are used in prison & how to survive a prison sentence in this free video clip .
O3zzN8KsCWk learn more on how to attach legs to a table in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
jwqNqeCmmJ4 angelique is one of the easiest tulips to recognize because of its double structure . learn how to identify springtime flowers in bloom from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
nSjCfw3kqVg it 's important to maintain the diving board in order to protect it in the off season . learn some techniques for maintaining the diving board from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
Ts-_f9KAJ8o aligning tables in html is the same as aligning text or images . code vertically aligned tables on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
goTZFLlnBII when making ceramic mugs , a pin tool can be used to center the cup . learn how to center the mug on a wheel from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
SroxO5ncVWI learn the tree huggers pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
3B_dSRUPt94 draw cartoon men 's underwear by first drawing the guy 's body . learn how to draw cartoon underwear in this free cartoon drawing video lesson featuring a professional cartoon artist .
uAEy2IBQ1FY learning bass clef notes involves reading a musical staff and recognizing the bass clef symbols . play bass clef notes with tips from a pianist , singer and songwriter in this free video on musical tips .
dBMzHU1z0e8 belly dancing costumes and veils add spice to your belly dancing routine ; learn how to pick the right belly dancing outfit in this free video from a professional belly dancer .
EhOb5ZuKJ_4 part 2 - learn how to write a newspaper article headline in this free journalism training course on video .
mHQGfONVsu8 tote your camera in the best case possible ; learn about and how to use professional photography equipment in this free video on being a pro photographer .
g0pRnlPR-K0 how to set the water level when washing a pair of jeans ; get professional tips and advice on washing and drying any type of jeans in this free instructional video .
p_rwPI-RY64 when creating a comic book hero , first decide if it 's a guy or girl and then design a clear and distinct look . design a comic book hero with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
wghtogJ_28Q dodging rapier slashes is a good moment to add acting to a stage fight . learn rapier sword avoidance techniques in this free stage fencing video .
quYOSJfscdA how to take the lens out of the case in this free eye care video .
XEcKXPIR8bE use raw sienna and paint thinner to begin coloring the hair when oil painting a portrait . learn more about oil painting the hair of a portrait from a professional artist in this free painting video .
xyAbAxTs2qk to take care of hair extensions , find out whether the hair is synthetic or natural , avoiding heat styling products on synthetic hair extensions . wash , rinse and dry hair extensions with tips from an experienced hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
TUQxcqlUjWY refills and multi colors for face painting can be found on the internet quite easily if you know where to look . learn about refills and multi colors from a face painting expert in this free crafts video .
yqdDDhJjbs4 when watercolor painting an orchid , add a bit of yellow to enhance the appearance of the leaves . learn more about coloring the leaves of an orchid from a professional artist in this free painting video .
U2XObhs4Oec what it takes to become successful magician . learn how to put on a magic show with easy magic tricks in this free video clip .
g2eTD-1Jcro learn how to do a butterfly breath pose for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
EiNpykybyB8 learn what to clean up before you paint your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
tUVCi7Q7-5Q tricep extensions are a great upper body arm workout and tubing or resistance bands are a great workout tool to use to increase intensity . learn how these are done and their benefits from a health and fitness expert in this free video clip .
Me1J75qFBRI kickboards are great for practicing the freestyle kick . learn how to use a kickboard and how to stay in streamline position when using a kickboard in this free beginners swimming video .
1yyHVPmj-xQ altering the outside of a large clay pot can be done by adding various clay pieces or scrap clay . alter the outside walls of a large clay vessel on the pottery wheel using techniques in this free ceramics video .
-jgerQHq3dI breast augmentation covers breast enhancement or implant surgeries performed by plastic surgeons . learn about breast augmentation in this free cosmetic surgery video .
g1HXoDkax5A there are different types of nose strikes for self defense . learn about the various types of nose defense strikes in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
zwpuxpJTil8 assisted yoga works with shoulder stand poses to help align the body , relax the jaw , and adjust in movement . learn assisted yoga poses like a shoulder stand from an instructor in this free yoga video .
PutLvrUBu30 learn the meaning of the rampant growth green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
OZwn6oBNTCc cut apart your favorite shirt to make a pattern ; learn how to make a pattern from your favorite t-shirt in this free video on fashion design and sewing .
NRhxWI7rcL8 the woodturning bowl gouge is used to turn bowls , while the spindle gouge is used for projects such as chair legs . learn more about the uses of woodturning tools in this free woodworking video from a wood shop expert .
vwYkbiiFm5Q turn towards the front in preparation for your waves and pound . learn how to do waves and pound in intermediate hip hop dancing .
tB8nISCEcs8 before a blood pressure reading is taken it 's important for the patient to be relaxed . learn more tips for taking blood pressure from a doctor in this free health video .
vHM-pN8J1As to become a telemarketer , dive right into the field as an entry level telemarketer selling anything from satellites to cell phone plans . become a telemarketer with tips from a telemarketing manager in this free career video .
_UP2nY_qx_U worn out alternator brushes are the most common reason an alternator fails or breaks down . learn how to replace the alternator brushes in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
IDPENgT39lo building a skateboard involves putting bearing in the wheels by putting one set of bearings on each side of the wheel and pushing it in . discover how easy putting new bearings in a skateboard wheels is with tips from an avid skateboard enthusiast and rider in this free video on skateboards .
TdAVv9LNBww learn what ingredients are needed to make korean soon tobu ji gae with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
sHJuu80nU30 learn when you should consider your dog a geriatric dog in this free video .
6pBY3mP39mo how to serve korean kimchi chigae stew ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
GXg0Ea2z130 how to add bronzer for applying a carmen electra makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
RO8spNtkJI4 to find fleas on a cat , use a flea comb to look for live fleas or flea dirt . learn more about finding fleas and ticks on cats with tips from a veterinarian in this free cat health video .
3clLvBaPL-c the turntable tonearm holds the head and cartridge . learn how to maneuver a tonearm in this free turntable lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
MLtiEr0fHiQ get a free saxophone lesson on playing the g major scale in this free video lesson taught by a professional saxophone player .
olk7eA-TBnU half of the cut lettuce should be added to the butter when cooking new york steaks with soy and ginger sauce . add butter when cooking new york steaks with soy and ginger sauce with tips from a chef in this free video on dinner recipes .
2V8v84EEHA4 do you hear the rhythm in everything you do ? learn how to experiment with different drum sounds with expert tips and advice on bucket drumming in this free video .
h2dZglgVX3I learn how a nebulizer delivers medicine to a patient and the different methods to do so with expert medical tips in this free vaporized medicine video clip .
wFVXgedtdkk easter stamps are great for adding wishes and greetings to carousel cards . stamp easter greetings and wishes on easter carousel cards with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
QOUWsJyjeks state-based effects in `` magic : the gathering '' are used to clean up the game state . learn more about state-based effects in `` magic : the gathering '' from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
Dhy6r082enU blocking down in kung fu is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts in this free video .
UVBUwuFYS1c analyzing foliage for a pastel drawing will determine the hues and tints you will use . learn how to analyze color with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
aAM6pbfDE4A sometimes we perform for disinterested audiences so much that it is hard to know how to perform for an attentive audience . learn how to take that kind of audience to the next level of entertainment from a professional performer in this free video .
o6UwYn116k4 learn how to sew shell trim onto a shower curtain with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
k8X3zVaweDE as your song comes together , match your chorus chords with a melody that is also distinct from the verses . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
5SFqiOBXhik to maintain the momentum of a hula hoop , push torso forward as hoop comes forward and push torso back as hoop moves back . keep the hula hoop moving with the tips in this free video on working out with a hula hoop from a professional hooping instructor .
rpBNx-10vBw the third note in a c tonic minor arpeggio on violin is a natural g. play the third note of the c tonic minor arpeggio with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
36J5OBQ1ZHA find out how kneading bread dough can not only be fun but also a great workout and stress reliever in this free video clip .
1FCEl_0oQfo learn the second steps of grooming your dog 's feet in this free video .
CV_CqUffg50 utilizing different dimensions of sounds for music demos can be great for discovering your own unique style . learn more about dimensions for song writing from a professional musician in this free video .
tg7sAkA2Tuc everyone has different skin care needs . learn tips for identifying your skin type needs in this free video clip on skin care .
5UHJ1TmAgCo what are the ingredients and materials needed to make foam ? find out in this free video .
atzWS7KkyE0 learn how to do the open rear walk dance steps in the hustle in this free dance lesson video .
IhvBoT1dz_g tango dancers wear loose , comfortable and often black clothes to rehearse tango dance steps . find out what clothes to wear when tango dancing in this free video dancing lesson from a professional dance instructor .
PummSAKM8u8 drawing a circle in perspective starts with drawing a square . draw circles in correct perspective with an artist in this free video art lesson .
WyYodmQm5zk you can find cheesecloth in the painting section of the hardware store . learn how to make paper mache lizards from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
1RjT7VTrjIE want to play jazz piano ? learn some jazz tips on practicing syncopation in this free video clip on jazz piano tips .
CO8WcgrBVqI ghost notes are slight hits on the snare drum in between louder hits . do better drum beats including paradiddles and accent variations with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
fZgWKh3ENoE the `` destiny hero diamond dude '' yu-gi-oh card can unlock a powerful series of spell cards . learn how to play a different dimension deck in the yu-gi-oh ccg in this free video .
PbkY_SDA8jo to troubleshoot a dishwasher , remove the lower basket to make sure the machine is clean , draining and that the wash arm is rotating correctly . check the drain line on your dishwasher with the help of this free video from a home repair specialist on maintaining and fixing houses .
nhz3U_N8mBQ when growing sunflowers , take the seeds and place them in a wet napkin and put them in a plastic bag to spur germination . grow sunflowers with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
RQSQcf-CxjU add fashion to plain jeans . learn how to iron the jeans when converting jeans into bell bottoms in this free clothing alteration video .
JZjxEmj-U8U motorcycle helmets can change a fashion designer 's newest illustration into something rugged , urban and futuristic . draw motorcycle helmets with a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
JwOnImkwR0w how to prepare the pilsner malt and specialty grains needed to home brew pilsner beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
hhAazpDGZ-c you need to think in reverse when painting on glass , so order of paint color is important ; tips , tricks and techniques to change your old framed glass into new art pieces in this free online art lesson about painting taught by david a. clemen .
bDF2AuprSb4 how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
TBkAx-w_G-o gardens can be decorated with more than just flowers . learn how to pick art and statues for your garden in this free gardening video .
N1BUyhcRAoM learn how to form the head for a clay betty boop pendant in this free home craft video art lesson .
eoJIvxIvBYY learn how to garnish and get your crepe ready to serve after completing all the other steps in this free cooking video on making easy crepe recipes .
G3EE6yhl1vk learn how to choose the right drum cymbals in this free video series that will teach you how to strategically set up your band and musical equipment for a performance .
A1rc5LOnFdo cables or cords for midi transfer are important to connecting your equipment to the computer and working efficiently . learn about cables for recording midi music in cubase in this free digital music recording video .
ZzmIkMNLME4 as a running back in american football , use a hurdle to avoid tripping over players who have fallen in front of you . learn tips on how to do a hurdle move in football in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
AvGa09RiZ4A samurai overhead throws are easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai fighting techniques in this free video .
Pa3HfA1RNas make sure a singing voice is as good as possible by taking care of it . learn tips and techniques for singing in this free video series that will show you how to perfect your singing and vocal technique .
EjSb0JyRSik in the knee-drop yoga pose imagine the stretch moving into the spine with the breath . learn to do the knee drop pose with tips from the founder of zen yoga in this free video on yoga back stretches .
OINInr3WIqE even out walls for a clay bowl to create a uniform thickness throughout the finished piece . learn how to even out clay walls with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
0v-uqVY6EH0 have a cute portuguese neighbor youd like to invite to dinner ? this free language lesson video will teach you common invitations in portuguese and help you with that first invite .
k4HzrKryVkc what do the settings for steam on an iron mean ? learn about sprays and steam in ironing and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
JkZwsRseR9U boring a hole for a ceramic platter will establish the base of the ceramic piece . learn how to bore a hole for a platter with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
gvtQvciuwJ0 skimmer baskets help keep your pool clean from debris ; learn how to clean skimmer baskets when cleaning and maintaining your swimming pool with expert tips on pools in this free pool maintenance video clip .
g3X3XE6M2_A the aikido technique ryote tori tenchinage is a throwing move that the martial artist can use against an enemy attacking from behind . learn this important aikido technique in this free video .
Ph1DWXFN84g ingredients for satay chicken include a thin chicken breast , cilantro and cucumbers . gather satay chicken ingredients with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
KgXYb6wFGa8 martial arts tricks and tips . learn the nunchucks thumb over the finger spin in this free martial arts combat video from a tae kwon do blackbelt .
tCUlPLIodiQ once you 've mastered straight downhill snow skiing , learn how to hit a basic snow skiing jump with expert tips in this free winter sports video .
iuiR-uhVlKI learn how to serve a tequila shrimp recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
tHLfnDuDum0 improve your tae kwon do skills by learning the tornado kick with expert tips in this free martial arts video .
IH5-5bc_Wnk learn tips and techniques on tents and how to chose the right one for your trek in this free video clip .
DtS02JypmgI when not using a band saw , store the machine by unplugging the chord , cleaning the area and positioning it in an out-of-the-way location . store a band saw in a dry place with tips in free video from a professional contractor .
m4GFK1NGpBg king snakes tend to be quite docile when kept as pets , but they can eat other snakes of the same size , so it is important to house king snakes separately . discover more king snake information from a reptile specialist in this free video on exotic pets .
Ct4N68aSfKQ how to play ii minor chords for jazz piano in the key of f major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
5pqTP9TOUnM what transportation are you going to use ? do you want to take the bus , a car or a cab ? learn how to do sign language around the town in this free education video .
YYfDYJv6DWI gymnastics is a very demanding sport that requires a specific mindset and is difficult but a lot of fun . learn some great tips on how to have a good mindset when competing in this free video clip on intermediate gymnastics .
vrHiMPxV6hg learn the importance of the witch of endor in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
i08Nm0gXvbU the table of contents shows what will be found in the formal proposal . learn how to write a table of contents with tips from a communications and public speaking expert in the free instructional video .
MnI4AMIDKYA in basketball , taking a charge is a big part of the physical aspect of defense . take a charge in basketball with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on playing basketball .
ZvmbFasgLXc from cds to t-shirts and stickers , learn how to put together a catalog of merchandise you can sell at your shows in this free music industry video lesson .
hntmW-9qUkM yoga stretches can be a great way to protect wrist muscles . learn how to do a variety of yoga wrist warm ups with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
iY4fBtfebLU professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn how to evaluate your current spending when setting up a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
g0iNy-yPisM changing text on a myspace page requires going to `` profile , '' then `` edit profile '' and making the appropriate changes to the html code that appears in one of the edit boxes . click `` save changes '' when the myspace test edits are complete with information from a work flow manager of a software development company in this free video on computers .
hQRdBCTNX3w toast texas from your lone star coaster . learn how to do light sanding for a texas-shaped coaster in this free wood crafts video from a professional carpenter .
lDUSemGLqFE herbicides help your garden and lawn grow strong ; learn about using herbicides in this free video on pesticide application .
G2uKe6hCNSo learn a summary of the steps you need to take to mount a photo to poster board in this free art collection and hobbies video .
xKG_5AL2K1w learn how to do a reverse forehand frisbee throw in this free frisbee video .
y3QYj-FQZzQ when repairing a toilet , make sure there is just enough slack when attaching the last chain link to the clip . learn how much slack to leave when attaching the clip with tips from a kitchen and bathroom remodeling expert in this free home improvement video .
gtwoCbPYh3w the fourth note in the b melodic minor scale on violin is an e natural . play the fourth note of the b melodic minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
ruFn60hk290 back chopping in thai yoga massage is a variation on a traditional back massage . learn more about the back chopping thai yoga massage technique with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
BS5EtNqlfVU step , slide and pull for the pull down exercise . learn the pull down hip hop dance move in this free aerobic dancing video from a choreographer .
H6edKSuE79c a good fourteens solitaire score is less than 10. learn how to play fourteens solitaire in this free gaming video .
ilcBUz7ci5A pro techniques for ironing entire suit . learn how to iron suit jacket underarm while ironing a men 's suit in this free clothing care video from a wardrobe professional .
J5-So9-Oe0o in kung fu , bring the fingers together and push the thumb to the side in order to form the palm striking shape . develop the palm attack technique with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
X4ev3Ql1yZU move around in paintball without enemy seeing you . learn more about individual drills for paintball in this free paintball lesson from an experienced player and strategy expert .
hyvIA-BlyGQ watch an expert martial artist explain and perform an aerial in this free video clip .
bVjmw9_m9IE craft a walking cane from the branch of a tree . learn how to use angular grinder to shape handle of wood walking cane in this free woodworking video from a wood crafts expert .
woPenvIsjQQ the three point stability position , which is the plank position with one arm or leg raised , is a great core exercise for developing total body strength and stability . learn how to do single arm three point stability exercises in this free core training workout video .
kM_SzuEkqaQ it 's fun to utilize the hi-hat when creating your own half-time drum pattern . learn how to incorporate the hi-hat from our drumming expert in this free video clip .
BIoTkKEbPWM beginning with a brief meditation , while utilizing relaxing breathing techniques is a good way to begin chair yoga for seniors . learn a few tips to help start your yoga routine from a registered yoga teacher in this free exercise video .
e0sr4qUzyfM learn how to train in switch hitting in this free baseball coaching video from an expert softball and baseball coach .
QoSYN-lOXig in kung fu , the downward forearm block and counter punch is best performed in combination with another block . learn more about this intricate fighting movement from a kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
XDVzfeEWCFQ what 's the best way to chop ginger for paneer masala to enhance but now overpower the flavor of this indian dish ? learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation of chicken and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
ODsLzXD39Kk learn how to use water to extend the snowman 's life when building a snowman with tips from a winter recreation expert in this free winter fun video .
p-WOfa_7pbw enthusiasm will help your on-screen interview , but do n't overdo it . learn how to give on-screen interviews with professional screen coach aimy kersey in this free media video .
QTZ0812ZpJs making a sketch of your craft project will help you buy supplies and keep you organized . learn tips for drawing valance designs in this free craft video about making beaded window valances .
8aWuUUlEYMg robert schuman was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
XoIl273M2Uc in kung fu , the low kick is designed to kick the front part of the foot and is the final attack for the circular block , lead punch and low kick combination . perform this powerful attack sequence with tips from a professional kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
W6Gh-issUu8 every paintball player should follow the rules not because they have to but because they respect the sport . learn about the spirit of the rules of paintball and any sport from a paintball expert in this free video clip .
UGwbOrYhG1U how to prepare meat for making empanadas ; learn more about traditional spanish , portuguese , and latin american food in this free cooking video .
JxD1vLNtK0E starting in first position , learn to warm-up for modern dancing with back develope exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
V_0YnwTGDUg learn how to do a jump through in yoga from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
TvoKEpXs9SI ripping is a term used in diving that refers to a minimal splash when entering the water . learn to minimize your splash from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
XkuHEpj33bs attach plate handles for a whiskey set to a place that makes sense to the overall design . learn about attaching plate handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
STIgmScCUfM more on how to use a wire wheel bench grinder ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
iw7Jn0YkWLw some the best places to buy cheap aquariums is through friends , classified ads or internet auction sites . find cheap aquariums with tips from the owner of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
G3FhmHz_7hs understand a day of healthy meals for a four or five year old child with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
vMsbMo8kUKA work out the spine with the warrior one pose in sun salutation yoga . discover the sequence for the warrior one pose in surya namaskara , a sequence of hatha yoga asanas , in this free video on fitness and meditation .
nJ7BMLfMkjc when massaging shoulders , a massage therapist works around the rotator cuff , the spine and the scapula , applying pressure with their thumbs . massage shoulders with the tips in this free instructional video on massage techniques from a professional massage therapist .
CuRH7Eu0FcU learn how to replace a wall socket in this free online do it yourself home improvement video on basic electrical work .
hGsJiQPsACY double stops help you learn violin passages more easily . learn about the importance of double stops in the ivan galamian violin teaching method in this free violin lesson from a professional violinist .
IN65UrfLB5I increase intamacy with feng shui in the bedroom . learn to improve couple energy in this free interior design video from a leading feng shui practitioner .
1l-lFLCzt8U drawing comic book characters requires dynamics in the positioning of the figure and the details . learn to draw comic book characters with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
NDMm1lfMuSc good romantic relationships are held together by each partner doing simple and caring tasks to show their appreciation for one another . develop a good romantic relationship with tips from an author of a book on dating in this free video on interpersonal relationships .
Ps-25kNCAqM double team post player with the ball . learn how to play middle man on the bottom of a zone defense in this free youth basketball lesson from an experienced head coach .
bHd9uStWoYI in the charleston , connect to a partner by joining the arms . discover how to connect to a partner with tips from two dance instructors in this free video on charleston dancing .
hgFreSjB6_U a wire tool works best to cut between a clay pot and a bat on the pottery wheel . watch how to use a wire tool to cut between your clay vase and the bat in this free ceramics video .
-txtKMNis2U use care when cutting the construction paper for your diorama background . learn how to use construction paper for a diorama background in this free crafts video .
PRiGVoZmA5A it 's been said that defensive distractions win basketball games . learn some tips on how to play distractive defensive basketball in this free video clip .
7_tIFaWmR_Y the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn the string names of a violin in this free video clip series .
pSLnEtXADh8 keep hips forward and the back straight during the zen yoga dragon lunge . learn more about the dragon lunge in zen yoga with tips from the founder of zen yoga in this free yoga lesson video .
nUHywFsxzCw the reverb guitar effect makes it sound as if you are playing the guitar is a large room , hall , auditorium , or studio . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
3Q9_veyPVPA best way to steam all the diverse ingredients for your chicken biryani dish for the best flavor ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
ZIH8ta1m194 left hand on thigh and right hand on floor for the lunge back with pop . learn advanced hip hop funk choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
VThMeWnY_8w caring for hermit crabs involves keeping them in a humid environment , changing food and water daily and checking bedding for mites and fleas . foster a loving environment for hermit crabs with insight from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
TMqKvjZWAHo to get rid of antifreeze , make sure to use a qualified technician . get a car ready for winter by as demonstrated in this free car maintenance video from a professional auto mechanic .
IphPc7nM-UM how to properly tune a guitar by ear when you restring it ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
UrOdNY5goKg when trimming a rabbit 's toenails , identify the end of the vessel to avoid bleeding . trim a rabbit 's toenails with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on rabbits and pet care .
39KhI0QUHaA cleaning a cheer routine involves the squad coming back together after a sequence . learn part of an all-star cheerleading routine from a national champion cheerleader in this free video .
5eILFjYIVPk the eagle pose is an excellent yoga stretch to use for increasing stability and flexibility . learn more about the eagle pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
oMKQtKRgbe8 look for targets in self-defense against a front choke . escape from front chokes with self-defense tips from an eight-degree black belt in this free video on martial arts self-defense techniques .
IK8aUMSX_B8 use thicker papers for professional calligraphy work . learn about paper supplies needed for writing letters in calligraphy with this free art video from a calligrapher .
N7MvXTca6HY learn about the inside wimpy ball juggling technique in this free juggling video .
yYkp2WfKLdk when you walk into your front door , increase the warm and inviting energy flows . learn tips for front door feng shui designs in this free video from a leading feng shui practitioner .
VI1_iH_OsF8 learn how to improve your body and mind for a red carpet event and get professional tips and advice on red carpet fashion styles in this free instructional video .
5UAaR-EAbtY there are many instant teeth whitening products on the market today . learn more about them and how they work from a dentist in this free oral health video .
-79PiyJWoSM combine oyster sauce , sherry , sesame oil and water for a sauce to cook the chicken in . make sauce for cantonese chicken with ginger-scallion fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
pZ24TSkl3D4 for the zen yoga qigong rise out move you should inhale and slowly draw the hands out . learn how to do the rise out zen qigong move in zen yoga with tips from the founder of zen yoga in this free yoga and martial arts video .
Mf2krFT6M-I triggers and state based effects in `` magic the gathering '' can have effects automatically when other actions are taken or cards played . learn `` magic the gathering '' rules for triggers and state based effects from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
PbodEvyRQDk start your singers ' karaoke songs easily with compuhost karaoke software . learn how to use compuhost software to host karaoke shows in this free tutorial video .
B5FmnZDjDJM reconnecting the light to the retainer when replacing a headlight . learn how to replace a car 's headlights in this free video on auto repair .
l1_TGEpgQRE the job description of a logger focuses on thinning or clearing trees from an area and shipping the logs to a processing plant to make into lumber . get a description of a logger 's job with tips from the owner of a logging company in this free video on career information .
fzcsY2gm7t0 how composition controls the flow of the viewer 's experience with your wall mural ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
kiQ5e9IUAnw the object of the solitaire variant clock is to beat the kings . learn the object of clock solitaire in this free card games video .
7UfUW1nMA1I painting a front door needs extremely good prep work otherwise the paint may not stick . paint a house front door for paint with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
gKDwtAmDGl8 understanding food proportions is a secret to human longevity . learn more about food proportions and human longevity with expert tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about improving human longevity .
g0UUmEkoT1w for diabetics , it 's crucial to identify high blood sugar levels . learn the symptoms of and how to treat high blood sugar in this free video from a nutritionist specializing in diabetic diets .
29eT2ndGIKg sculpting the face on a sculpture can be difficult . learn how to chisel the facial details for a plaster sculpture in this free art lesson video .
uUlWpQAe8RY the nintendo wii was developed in nintendo 's corporate headquarters in japan . find out how long the nintendo wii was being worked on with information from a technology specialist in this free video on the nintendo wii home video game console .
SZFdjsbVt2k learn about the different types of potatoes to grow in this free video on home gardens .
rFTlLtd11cU rotate strongly on your heel for your heel toe hops . learn how to do hip hop traveling movements from a professional teacher in this free dance video .
yDs5D-4ooQo buying a video camera should depend on what the camera is going to be used for , like whether it 's professional or home use . select a video camera that 's light , and think about getting a tripod , with advice from a professional photographer in this free video on video cameras .
hwrIgVrkJpI learn the ways one can take an accurate reading of the body 's temperature using a thermometer with expert medical tips from a trained doctor in this free health care video clip .
xxVj6zLNY0A toe holds are very painful and involve one fighter using their weight to control an opponent . use a toe hold on an opponent with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
j3UrKKi-JJ4 enriching a cat 's environment with scratching posts and pads may deter them from scratching valuable items . improve cats environments with tips from an experienced animal clinic worker in this free video on cat care .
oE6ZEQlqRY8 start this bass scale with your fourth finger on d flat . learn how to play chords and arpeggios on the upright bass in this acoustic bass lesson from an expert bass player .
IAupxOeZnUk reverse plank pose in yoga strengthens core muscles , shoulders , biceps and triceps . learn more about how to do the reverse plank yoga pose with tips from yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
WMXT89R0dm4 designing knitted hats keeps a fashion designer focused on communicating texture and fabric in an illustration . draw knit hats with a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
LpU8dKuYl2Q if searching for a secret longevity diet , carbohydrates are good for the body if the proper grains and nutrients are also being ingested . discover more about high carbohydrate diets and longevity with expert tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about improving human longevity .
O24uPgggDCs learn how to spot during jumps and stunts with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading jumps and tumbling .
1r1kLxmmVZw in djembe repair , the bottom ring knots should be closer together than the top ring knots . get knotting tips for djembe drum repair in this free video on djembe repair .
_G0MZFLIHa0 to get rid of dandruff , use a scalp relief product to loosen up all the dry skin from the scalp . get rid of dandruff with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
XfFhNBngQ3s loading a snowmobile on a trailer can be difficult if you are n't familiar with the process . learn some tips for loading your snowmobile from our snowmobiling expert in this free video .
g3kFAmcBpFc discover which shampoos are best for your cat and its grooming needs in this free video .
rF6bwpOvQ-s when installing a radiator in your vehicle make sure that the lower fan shroud clips are on the new radiator . learn how to install a new radiator in your car in these free auto repair video instructions .
Y8DERoxpzp8 the side lying leg form , in pilates , can cause cramps in your toes if you do n't utilize the proper form . learn some tips for using the proper side lying leg form from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
JrHEyT2VJ5k by uploading pictures to a myspace photo album , add an image to a profile page by clicking on the `` photo code : copy it to your profile '' button . learn more about adding images to a myspace page with tips from a myspace user in this free video about designing a myspace page .
INsK2PVJHYo to begin an equine massage evaluation get the horse to raise and lower the head in order to stretch their neck . learn more about starting equine massage evaluations with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
EY8JKiEJFY8 dancing foot work is always important . learn about the foot work for domino polka dance steps in this free dance lesson video .
Z3ds-U2TJ30 play `` first to five '' in two-on-one tennis to get ready for a match . learn how to get ready for a game situation in tennis with various drills and training techniques in this free video lesson .
jW-d1DC2SQU relive the stress and pain of fibromyalgia with these easy poses . learn how to do the modified bridge yoga pose to ease symptoms of fibromyalgia in this free medical treatment video from a professional yoga instructor .
NxM9tfEvS9s e-mails allow you to attach electronic files for getting documents or pics to your friends easily . learn e-mail etiquette and popular e-mail features in this free communications video .
r5p82inANQE in calligraphy , the italic numeral 4 begins with a straight stroke . learn more about calligraphic lettering in this free calligraphy number lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
KeRgkiWTRT4 the most important aspect of catching a fish is setting the hook , which is done by jerking the line whenever a fisherman feels a tug . keep a fish that 's been caught on the line with help from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing for beginners .
-rhKi9vCW6M when using a waist band for bracelets , usually the fabric needs to be thinned out . thin out the waist band when making bracelets out of pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
V3GlvRVK5qs learn how to do the heel toe and puppet hip hop dance steps in this free dance lesson video .
pZcRaruA9ww it 's important , in ice hockey , to stretch out the muscles in your arms and shoulders before playing . learn an easy stretch you can perform using your arms and shoulders from a professional hockey player in this free sports video .
6fQe14Q7HV4 a no-handed cartwheel in the style of shaolin kung fu can stun any audience ; learn kung fu moves taught at real shaolin temples in this free martial arts video series .
nlHPlIJOlUE learn how to form wreaths for wreath cookies with expert baking tips in this free holiday dessert video clip .
T07dzFnBK68 writing an h in calligraphy is a detailed process that can make or break your project . learn specific tips on how to write this letter to match the rest of your calligraphy project .
jyw2DwR5Z_o cleaning a sig sauer 226 9mm handgun involves the use of a bore light , a light brass brush , a few nylon brushes and a light steel brush . gather the right cleaning tools for this handgun with help from a gun specialist and nra member in this free video on gun maintenance .
-PMFJL4TdFA colored stain such as blue stain can be used to stain wood . learn how to stain a finger joint box with blue stain in this free woodworking video .
RIfda0-nagk have you decided to home school your child ? learn all about using reading word cards for home schooling first graders in this free education video .
SQLdtgOwxoo an equine abdominal massage should be gentle , without apply a lot of pressure . learn how to do equine massage on the horse 's abdomen with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse massage video .
gRLykzccjiQ there are several ways to make cheerleading bows , starting with simple ribbons in school colors and moving to more complicated sewn bows . make cheerleading hair bows with tips from an experienced cheerleader in this free video on cheerleading uniforms .
Tki-x0Efr6A try on a unitard as you make it to ensure proper fit throughout . learn to make a unitard for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
i1zfFZ7Hj_I add reverb to an fl studio file using the sytrus generation . learn about manipulating sound files with the sytrus generator in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
TmGztV6zu9o the more you practice , the fuller your range and more honed your sounds will be when beatboxing . learn tips for practicing beatboxing in this free music video .
jD21Bg-Dds0 learn how to practice hopping balance for a bmx hang 5 with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
MCLbAvLIofQ lean how to serve a macrobiotic meal in the right portions and more important health tips when eating in this free online video on how to prepare healthy macrobiotic food recipes .
tcLDwRPVwiw golf solitaire is dealt with seven columns of cards , each with five cards in them and 17 cards in the player 's hand from which to play . deal a hand of golf solitaire with tips from an experienced poker player in this free video on card games .
XTw46c0iThg a violin intermediate performance involves playing more advanced pieces of music and violin etudes . learn more about playing violin intermediate performances with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
xWLr4z-pOkM learn how to volunteer for little league baseball with expert tips on children 's sports in this free video clip .
GNK-jqVWHco using a disinfectant when cleaning the outside of a shower leaves a lovely shine . disinfect the edges on the outside of a shower with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
MMebvnkMfYs learn how to use google adsense in iweb to publish your own website and learn more about website design in this free instructional video .
-kOY8fGPvRQ carriage bolts hold a box joint jig in place . see how to correctly place carriage bolts when making a finger joint jig in this free woodworking video .
rDWBb5b0kIE learn tips for staying hydrated as a senior for a healthy lifestyle with expert health and fitness tips from an experienced personal trainer in this free baby boomer health video clip .
YB0YbaRQeko keeping safe distance is important for actor combatants to master . learn rapier sword parry and footwork techniques in this free stage combat video .
ybAliGo0VW8 before getting laser teeth whitening done , a person should have a thorough cleaning to remove all of the plaque and bacteria from their mouth . learn about the four treatment sessions for laser teeth whitening with information from a dental hygienist in this free video on oral hygiene and teeth whitening .
iMDXl1C2BWY the swing groove 11 drum beat is an intricate drum beat that displaces eighth notes on two as well as the and of three . learn more about the swing groove 11 drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
48F0tN5nVBs mixing solid colors is one way to save money when developing a pattern for bridal shower tableware and decor . decide on a pattern for a bridal shower with tips from a party planner in this free video on weddings .
RD8uL1J9sqI get an introduction on how to make roasted pepper and artichoke dip and professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic appetizer dip recipe in this free cooking video .
7_cTNTWFiaQ for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , add curry , turmeric and cayenne . add spices for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
HbAyUeyxH7A learn how to bend a circuit and how it produces different musical sounds and noises in this video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
XFOKabDJHPQ writer qualifications include discipline , mastery of mechanics and an understanding of language . learn more about qualifications for being a writer with tips from a published writer in this free writing career video .
vtSHbPkcrH4 alpacas are not as common as most farm animals so they may be difficult to find . learn about where to buy alpacas from an alpacas breeder in this free show animal video .
zzfIfsCVAIM the crochet chain is the basic stitch that you must know for any crocheting project . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
RlxHGTa-gXs after undoing a waist band and belt loops , it 's time to separate the waist band from the pants . separate the waist band when making bracelets out of pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
g1vUH8Iy4vw stretch and strengthen lower back and hamstrings with chi gong exercises . learn how to do the holding the toes move in this free video clip .
h2CIigZWaGw asian food can be some of the best for you . learn about how to make rice for pineapple fried rice in this free video clip on healthy asian recipes .
vof26XS8GT8 to use an eye pencil , work with the side of the pencil to apply a thin line of eyeliner that defines the eye without weighing it down . make the eyelashes look thinner and longer with an eye pencil using instructions from a makeup artist in this free video on applying makeup .
j9OyM_QYl6o a pencil sharpener is an essential watercolor painting supply designed to keep watercolor pencils and crayons sharp . select and use pencil sharpeners for watercolor painting with tips from an award-winning artist in this free video on watercolor supplies .
Rkiq3S1U-2w goofy and standard mounting are two snowboard riding styles . learn the difference of goofy and standard snowboard mounting with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
KIM18Zy8UKo when watercolor painting a lighthouse , use blue to shade underneath the overhand of the lighthouse . learn more about shading the roof of the lighthouse from a professional artist in this free painting video .
HoyDnfjarvY bend your right knee in toward your chest . learn how to do the lower back stretch in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
ObdaLf_RXCo learn how to set up an oxy-acetylene welding torch for making wire sculptures in this free video art lesson .
pCas7kETMjs a small jig is used for burin sharpening by rolling it forward and backward . learn about small sharpening jigs with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
GjlPwFc7kpI knowing the pitch names and note values of a jazz bass e major scale help to understand the scale on a bass guitar ; learn more from our professional bass guitar player and composer in this free music instruction video .
Fzj3jz2Imf0 practice is essential for playing violin for performances . learn more practice exercises for violin with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
sa_2GAfh7Mk dropping the head and bending the knees , learn to warm-up for modern dancing with arm strengthening exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
g0yUlOaqL6k watch as a seasoned expert explains how to maintain a reptile terrarium in this free online video about reptile care .
Kd83fFW4KEk map out a croquis illustration to mark where the body starts and stops in a fashion design flat . watch a fashion designer draw a croquis map in this free fashion illustration video .
Gwk2hWeCe_8 learn from our expert runner how to start a cross country race in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
UMLmvCshVpw take advantage of high balls in squash by attacking the nick with an overhead shot . learn tips for hitting overhead squash shots in this free video from a squash instructor .
mqKH2sJ3Dqc bring your chin toward your chest , let your neck be heavy and roll through your spine all the way down learn how to do the hamstring stretch in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
taJ3hhzNf1A in baseball , a batting average is calculated by dividing the number of at-bats into the number of hits . calculate baseball batting averages with tips from a swing mechanics analyst and hitting coach in this free video on baseball statistics and tips .
sB0wO0pAa_I how to breathe during yoga in this free exercise video .
PbHWTfDsixc learn what safety gear you need to paint a car with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
vTeFOscLeS4 in calligraphy , make allowances for the width of the capital t. learn more insider tips on calligraphic lettering in this free calligraphy number lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
h1Oo0tYV4tU st. john 's wort is a thirsty herb with medicinal benefits . grow st. john 's wort today with tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
KC6yfhp3QwY how to use a water tube in a colon cleanse in this free health video .
anSwpR4y6cg for great fish recipes , the first step is picking the best fish . learn how to select a black or gag grouper in this free video about preparing fresh seafood .
Q5kxRdIbUFU kickboxers use front kick , roundhouse kick combinations in sparring practice , fighting competitions or in street fights against attackers . learn kickboxing fighting combinations such as a side kick , spinning side kick combo in this free martial arts video .
W-_EA1UnQ6s get a summary of the customer service points covered including the different types of customer service and important aspects like greetings , friendliness , and grammar with expert training tips in this free online customer service training video clip .
m-tQN4o-X5s learn how to install the tilt wand for your faux blinds in this free video clip .
G1DwoRDSLZg tips for preparing the wok ; learn how to add oil to the wok in preparation for making fried rice in this free asian food cooking video .
PEWHax8rCDQ putting on blush creates a bit of flush color to the cheeks by keeping the color on just the apples of the cheeks . choose a color that complements the eyes and skin , and blend the color well to avoid the look of circles . apply blush to the face , keeping it simple and fresh , with beauty tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care and makeup .
gdPKpz5m684 online tax help for businesses . learn about per diem tax laws in this free video clip about small business tax tips .
qtt9ZBGLs7k cutting off a rug to finish weaving on a frame loom . learn about rug weaving and how to weave with a frame loom in this free video .
s9HxJxLdVGU make sure the driver side carpet matches the passenger side when installing replacement automotive carpet . install automotive carpet correctly with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
o5GLsWiu-S8 the a major scale can be played on the mandolin in many time signatures and 3/4 time is one of the most popular . learn tips on how this is done from a musician in this free video clip .
KsfzwSc-R5c how to properly serve spanish garlic shrimp tapas ; learn more about making traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
gnGnesrdTHQ using egg , spices , and bread learn to make an indian version of french toast in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
Rb4bCLT5pT0 do you know how much it costs to record music ? learn some tips on managing your budget from our recording expert in this free video clip .
ZxrgT8xJ5QQ learn simple and combination techniques for jeet kune do in this free martial arts lesson video from a kung fu master .
UlGHWPpfPDQ bell bottoms were the most popular retro 1970s fashion item . learn about the popularity of bell bottoms in the 1970s from a retro fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
RJzru37j4hI learn about the main ingredients for making absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
ScBaxaRHAEg one of the easiest ways to get rid of bubbles in a fish tank is to switch from an air powered filter to an electrical power filter . get rid of bubbles in a fish tank with tips from the manager of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
gwGHS7CzN6k using the linear burn feature , in photoshop , is a great way to adjust the layers of your animated fire . learn more about layer adjustments from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
DN69KLXGVlw some favorite heirloom seeds might be foreign varieties of squash like zucchini . learn about growing squash heirloom seeds from an organic farmer in this free gardening video .
trKyZs3St0I the hagalla walk is a basic belly dancing moves that can add a folk feel any belly dance routine . learn egyptian belly dancing hagalla move from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
oNZy-aevyJ0 use a solvent , like alcohol , to scrape the copper . preserve copper after etching with tips in this free electronics video .
SFO4hDa7EJU learn about pants length and petite women 's fashion in this free clothing style and dress video .
oxZ-w-4A_uM what does success have to do with balance ? learn how to use a success balance chart with advice from a communications expert in this free video on achieving goals .
NKRgiLymo-Y being polite to other players and the dealer are essential to being a good poker player in this free video series that will have you behaving like a poker pro in no time .
gqRVGJCFbaY a 20 minute run is a great cardio workout that can be augmented through the use of light dumbbells . get a great cardio workout in 20 minutes with tips from a certified personal trainer in this free video on home fitness .
UpAIlh56b2k tennis shots you can hit at the net . learn about a net players shot selection process in doubles tennis in this free tennis lesson from a professional coach .
t_TzLvfztq8 learn how to use a ladder to create separation between figures in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
PnGwBDk58lk how to blend below the line for giving a man 's haircut with clippers ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
p9ZKnO1mHO8 repair and assemble the parts of the hayward pool vac ultra . pool cleaning tips from an expert .
Q4vuYyBWrT4 how to add clouds to a hand painted nail art beach scene ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
GGGMj_mZGw8 learn how to apply acrylic to acrylic nails for a french manicure in this free online video on beauty salon treatments .
jItRLgWCjk4 dynamic inserts that are included in a pro tools control 24 desk are compressors and limiters because they literally change the dynamics or intensities of each track they are applied to . record and edit music easily with this digidesign control 24 effect and tips from an experienced producer and engineer in this free video .
HE4V75iSjvQ the whammy guitar effect is similar to an octaver in a high register . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
iS2hKacLEnM pro tools tdm users can automatically add two bars to a song with this feature . sync up recordings with the tdm options of digidesign pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
Ylub0vh3Mwo learn tips on how to start home schooling children , from your legal responsibilities to keeping a strict schedule , in this free home schooling video clip on education .
cvB1zSIebQc instructions on how to loosen lug nuts before you take off a tire with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
tDg4C-5sBng for great eye makeup , learn to use brushes to apply eyeshadow . get tips for using brushes to apply eye makeup in this free cosmetic video clip from a professional makeup artist .
_iZohV27cUY orchestra members watch the conductors hands for cues . learn about ways in which conductors communicate with orchestra members in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
H1Hj5OjPxOs how to choose west african bells ; get professional tips and advice on playing traditional west african percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
P6SlgCI4xO4 when throwing a santa fe style pot , it is important to pull clay from the base to the belly . learn correct clay placing methods with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
v5J7DRNw_1k learn how to use silicon tins to make pumpkin spiced cupcakes for your holiday party in this free recipe dessert video on making pumpkin spiced cupcakes .
mkzsEOuBvD4 learn about finance gadgets in igoogle in order to personalize your homepage with google gadgets with tips from a google products expert in this free internet software lesson video .
4rWjvAUSgWE learn about rolling in a kayak . this video clip series will discuss and teach you some valuable maneuvers you might need the next time you 're on the water .
jdnq6tFckW0 the lydian mode is a scale played on the saxophone that begins on the fourth note of any major scale . play the lydian mode in any scale easily with tips and details from an experienced saxophone player in this free video music lesson .
5YDCYDVsMyA massaging the gluteus muscles requires sensitivity and gentle stroking . learn more about massaging the gluteus muscles from a masseur in this free massage video .
H0jzFiEhqsE logic pro can automate loops for you . learn more mixing techniques in logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
yZEFVNU1-yo learn how to do the 12th routine combination move from an expert in basic step aerobics in this free instructional video lesson on basic step aerobic exercise and routines .
FkyL-N8lGiY tumbling tips from a pro gymnast . learn how to do a back handspring tumbling move in gymnastics from a professional gymnastics instructor .
l8lnl0t-_FQ learn how to do leg extensions with pole dancing in this free exercise video on pole dancing workouts .
VeniFCEfJg4 pomp & circumstance '' is a very well-known song that should be easier to learn on violin than a lesser known one and this is important to realize when choosing songs to learn . watch this free video of an experienced and educated musician and learn some great tips on how to play this song on the violin quickly and easily .
hmbAV-UIMOQ throwing a closed form for a ceramic assembled vase involves closing up the opening on the potter 's wheel . learn closed form techniques with expertise from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
kpbKedVVEsY get tips for baking desserts and learn how to add baking powder to red velvet cake in this free recipe video .
PqYo2WLK4z0 picaridin is a new insect repellent chemical to the u.s. , but has been used in europe for years to repel bugs . learn more about picaridin insect repellents with tips from an outdoorsman in this free insect prevention video .
m4We4tqr20Q to make an origami flower , you will need a glue stick and a cocktail toothpick . learn how to fold an origami flower in this free paper crafts lesson from an origami expert .
FzWvE__PamM uploading videos to your myspace page can be fun and easy , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
nKQOZXa-V-Q do the bo staff two-handed downward flower technique with both hands facing down in a thumb-to-thumb grip . get bo staff technique tips for doing a two-handed downward flower in this free video on bo staff techniques .
Za1pSyVBb3I collages , when done correctly , can illustrate how to do just about anything . learn how yours can help you plan out a future shopping trip in this free video series .
UGaUDLE-I3g arranging tinder to start a small fire is important to use a fire started efficiently . learn to start a fire with tinder from a survival expert in this free outdoors video .
MI19UUbx3y0 play along with this acoustic bass lesson for practice . learn how to improve your fingering skills for the upright bass playing skills in this acoustic bass lesson from an expert bass player .
t06V3vY2by0 put four notes in between two notes on the bagpipe chanter to do the taorluath movement . learn how to do the taorluath movement in bagpipes with free video lessons from a bagpipe teacher .
ND7piBiwjSQ start with the first finger down on upright bass when practicing an e flat scale . learn how to play five-note scales on the d and g strings in half position on an upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
pt3AnjcatZ4 practice calligraphy and analyze what you do right and wrong . learn about calligraphy and tips for learning from mistakes from a calligrapher in this free art video .
Ue1gb7MT5XU get in the first position when playing `` swing low , sweet chariot '' on upright bass . learn how to play part five of `` swing low , sweet chariot '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
IbV_9_qT2Jg the details are important on a mural , so find out how to paint the little things . learn how to paint a wall mural with art lessons from this free video .
kLCXgN9zimA the draw bar settings of a hammond b3 organ can be used to elongate a note , make it more staccato or adjust the harmonics . shape the sound of a hammond b3 organ with the tips in this free video organ lesson from an experienced church organist .
SGeFUpE2sBU proper pet bird hygiene is important for the safety of the child and the bird . teach a child proper pet bird hygiene and handling with tips from a pet store owner in this free pet video .
2wXkFMB-P54 do you know what contouring is ? if you need makeup advice , learn how to contour your face with makeup in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
G19uBylwQww origami paper folding techniques can be used to make paper airplanes . make an origami paper plane with folding instructions from a graphic artist in this free video on japanese origami .
b4d_PyFmob8 a living trust is a complicated area of the law that allows a person to transfer the management of their assets to a trustee for the benefit of beneficiaries , while they are still alive . hire a specialist and protect important assets by contacting the state bar association with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
v3UU4b-v0o8 learn how to play the diminished triad first inversion piano chords in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
u22Rr1e9maA what are some plugs needed for the computer ? how do you install case switches into a motherboard ? find out in this free video on computer power supplies .
MpSZI6Ld2mM the letter m starts at a 45 degree angle . learn how to write lower case letters m through r in cursive italic calligraphy in this free art video from a professional calligrapher .
83tJwX1df_8 lost your luggage in portugal ? dont fret , expert portuguese language expert teaches common luggage and baggage phrases in portuguese in this free language lesson video series on different portuguese phrases .
r87_DUsc3AU children may experience earaches due to cold air or sinus congestion . learn more about earaches with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
47SlM2Jk8Ag stay off junk food by cleaning out the snacks from the pantry . learn about avoiding junk food , as well as tips for making healthy dieting snacks like yam chips and nut granola .
1pZnqxS9PtA stretching is key before participating in martial arts . learn how to stretch from our muay thai expert in this free video clip .
mrCWIzuG43s basic hip moves for belly dancing . learn moves to improve your belly dancing moves in this free belly dance lesson from a professional belly dancing performer and instructor .
Nb8whjwCC7M learn how to use a telephone wire to make a coil necklace with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
SDEODv79HSc learn about cutting the sides of a bookshelf from a carpentry expert in this free woodworking video .
P4KJG5UnrRs how to sculpt in the features of the female back into your bust sculpture ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
1EkNkg3LTAE strength training can help triathletes with speed and endurance in all three events ; learn how to strength train for the triathlon in this free sport competition video .
_PZic_gTEgU nubians and alpines are great dairy goats , and boer goats are known for meat . learn to what kinds of goats to raise from an organic farmer in this free dairy farming video .
DEJv1Zt2WWw both canned and dry cat food each have benefits to themcare for cats and kittens alike properly with tips from an experienced animal care giver in this free video clip on pet care tips .
iyZWVzyEDhk there are seven hand positions on the violin neck each with it 's own specific qualities for each key . learn how to play the violin f major scale in the 2nd hand position from an experienced musician in these free violin lesson videos .
G2lEchCCRAo an antiques expert explains the different shapes of antique pink luster pieces , including sugar bowls and creamers , in this free video on antique collecting and appraisal .
I4MogbsIokA with every bridal bouquet , you have to wrap the handle so that the bride has something to hold . learn how to wrap a handle of a wedding bouquet in this free floral arrangement video clip .
sw1Yz3RmeBQ learn how to massage the knee cap with japanese shiatsu massage to relieve tension and stress with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
navXzbyqj6o the main purpose of wedging clay for ceramic mugs is to extract air out of the clay . learn how to wedge clay to throw a mug from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
cuGLFWpoeYY knowing the slice swing plane will improve your golf game and fix your slice ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
lGvEMqL_zbs see an outside fastball and hit it with expert baseball tips in this free sports instruction video clip .
mE0QuknFrUc make just enough oatmeal for one ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
zBtohWQFinE a panel interview allows several different people from a company to interview a candidate at the same time . learn about panel types of job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
SOpuGRJskNs the pantry floor is a great place to put recycling . learn other pantry floor storage ideas when moving into a new kitchen with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
NnPobSrR3zM becoming a police officer involves passing a pre-entrance exam , graduation from the police academy and getting hired by a police department . find out how to become a police officer from an experienced police officer in this free law enforcement career video .
mVWBnaqo3Us the eb7 chord for the saxophone can be sounded four different ways . form the eb7 chord from the notes of saxophone scales with the playing tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
itMPHDi3VXQ learn how to calculate area for shingles for a building or remodeling project in this free home improvement video from a remodeling expert .
g2ur4BIuN0Q learn how to form a b sound for ventriloquists with expert voice throwing tips from a professional comedian in this free online ventriloquism lesson video clip .
rpl2m7HHVsM blues drum beats are great to learn as a beginning drummer because they are very simple and repetitive . learn tips on how to do a beginning blues drum beat from a drum expert in this free video clip .
nQiHlQSujuA the lower the loft , the more a golf ball will slice when it lies below your feet at address . learn a few tips for using your mid irons to hit from side hill lies with a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
dwF6YynQScU you have to hear about these bizarre hollywood celebrity names stories . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
PUbttUJUPWA approach a pig with care , using slow movements and without going for the head . raise and approach healthy pigs with tips from a pig sanctuary in this free video on pig care .
LyezqWhJDws clarinets have a lot of key corks that are essential for playing the instrument . learn how to fix clarinet key corks with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free clarinet maintenance video .
UPVP37RBiGU when making a calender , trying making abstract pictures using colors which evoke a season . add pictures to a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
SxZOYylKPow use a stability ball to tighten abdominal muscles during the bridge exercise . learn the bridge with tips from a professional trainer in this free exercise video .
KqEWRvcAVzk when designing bling text using photoshop , form layers by raising the opacity to 100 percent and lowering the noise filter to zero . create layers when making bling text with tips from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
oASYhiWn-MQ wedging clay on the wheel for a large ceramic platter will prevent s cracks that can occur on the base of the form . learn how to wedge clay on the wheel with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
GL4hOJF6WSQ learn how to make a design for decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
G3VM7etNABI plan a cardio workout that incorporates intensity , a warm up and a cool down . find out how to plan a cardiovascular workout with expert tips an athletic trainer in this free physical fitness video .
FJxs3PiWJ3o how to add butter to dough for peach pie ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
OHbG8H0KXCc hard drive installation and tips . learn how to plug in a hard drive in this free video about computer power supplies .
SG4NeR8CimQ use pool supplies , such as a leaf rake , and test the pool water weekly in order to maintain a clean and healthy swimming pool . appropriately maintain a pool with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
Xv9Knzs-RzM regulator clocks were designed to be very accurate . find out about collecting regulator clocks in this free video on collecting antique connecticut clocks from an experienced antique clock collector .
28rkEezujjM a drummer shows how to play a basic drum beat variation that has bass drum quarter notes on beats 1 and 2 , in this free beginners drum lesson video .
iOOl5tUYzsM preparing a door to be painted includes sanding the door to make the paint easier to apply and wiping dust off with a dry rag . prepare a door to be painted with tips from a professional painter in this free video on home improvement .
jYBU_HsZgbo learn how to chop eggs for creole shrimp crab salad with expert cooking tips in this free creole cuisine video clip .
HLFaW4oVP9E learn about sports reporting with only one person in the field as a professional sports broadcaster with expert broadcasting tips in this free online sports journalism video clip .
_MYkQwxT0p4 a messy merchandise table will only confuse and deter potential customers so keeping it tidy is very important . learn tips on why this is important from a professional performer in this free video clip .
dcl4wyYPVM0 how to get a tousled hair look with braiding ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
9S0uakRsoDk one end of nunchucks should move to the back side when passiing nunchucks through the legs . pass nunchucks through the legs from front to back with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
ygSYBlq1KsY every snare drum head needs to be tuned at one time or another . learn tips on how to tune a snare drum head in this free video clip .
kPN8Te1hTsk learn the importance of knowing boat etiquette from our expert and how to practice this in this free boating video on kayaking and canoeing for beginners .
IX6HjOJJ8qg when making a calender , be sure to leave space to write in birthdays , etc . cut tissue paper for a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
blqNOoE8f80 learn the broadsword flower thrust technique in this free kung fu video .
mW14JHYT6R0 learn how to choose a location for your own women 's beauty pageant and get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to organize and direct a successful pageant event in this free fashion video .
moxuTvckyfM learn how to play the level all chilled up in call of duty 4 : modern warfare with expert tips , advice , and a detailed walk through in this free military video game video clip .
jEs8OKCAvcs doing a samurai counterattack is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
_lzjaBLTFhU the plank works the centerline of your stomach , obliques , and waistline . learn how to do the plank knee to elbow exercise in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
Q8a0AhgM_L8 how to trace an image for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silkscreening video .
PZNO538hbQE for a reverse belly roll in belly dancing , the lower and upper abs are respectively stuck out and pulled in . practice reverse belly rolls for belly dancing with instructions from a dance director in this free video on belly dancing lessons .
3T-CoHXOvNA while jogging , pay attention to overall body form , posture and breathing . get jogging tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on running .
wHX36p5RiVY how to understand what a root bulb is ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on picking , buying , and planting flower bulbs in this free gardening video .
qgiYYazKjFs how to prepare house plant soil ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
rmNVTuU0qrs try this hamstring stretch for safety ; learn simple stretches for long muscles , flexibility , and protection from injury in this free video .
TkVXRvJ3_7o laser hair removal is 98 percent to 99 percent permanent because it kills all of the hair that is in the growth stage but will not get rid of hair that is not growing or hair from new follicles . get several touch-up laser hair removal treatments to get rid of all hair in an area with information from an aesthetician in this free video on laser hair removal .
OxpVEoo9-u8 pinot noir is often best served with salmon or mushrooms because of it 's light , earthy flavor . learn more about pinot noir food pairings with tips from a wine expert in this free wine video on pinot noir .
znHSxbmCWf4 in bathroom cleaning , the back of a shower curtain can hold the most bacteria . clean shower curtains with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
bPPDfxau2go there are many ways to file and remove plaster from a sculpture . get tips on removing the excess plaster in this free art lesson video .
HoF5KQLbzVk having problems with digital cameras ? get tips for fixing digital camera problems in this free video clip about taking professional digital pictures .
Z2sIhC7nYFk learn tips and the importance of keeping your endurance during a cyclocross race in this free instructional video on cyclocross racing..
olljRQBeg60 get tips for adding waffle and pancake toppings in this free breakfast food cooking video .
j-jLokp0Dso growing and caring for plumeria plants is easy . learn how to grow plumeria plants in this free video on gardening .
mmNo8NqIPww a racer back bikini bathing suit has a more sporty look than traditional bikinis . learn how to draw a racer back bikini bathing suit design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
s1BF_CkU22o supplements can help keep a leopard gecko healthy . learn about feeding leopard gecko health supplements with tips from a reptile expert in this free exotic pet care video .
jyHCu2HtRXs hammering on and pulling off the guitar strings will add an interesting component to you music . learn to hammer on and pull of in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
uh8lFQCYTWA free weights are great tools to work abdominal obliques . learn free weight exercises for obliques with tips from a fitness director in this free exercising video .
Ogoh7KYeF6s learn to add prop descriptions to the celtx screenwriting software project library in this free screenwriting software video .
Gxn5Wjd7kr4 learn how to assess your skiing level from an expert ski instructor in this free step-by-step skiing video .
vbR28DCLOIQ key moves for effective ball control . learn how to do a basic crossover dribble in this free basketball lesson from an experienced player .
gv-1VdViimc when working on the collage 's bottom layer , keep a clean rag handy for removing glue from fingers . arrange the bottom layer of a collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
92V3oH63zbQ what does it mean to keep your hands inside of a baseball ? learn how to hit a baseball and keep the hands inside with swinging instructions in this free video lesson .
gYE5W5GSOaA get the proper ingredients needed to make german potato pancakes ; learn more about traditional german food in this free cooking video .
smZn2OeqSYc learn from our expert how to practice some linear scales on guitar in this free music video on how to approach and play different scales on guitar .
Hw736wa931E learn about the chinese martial art called wushu in this free martial arts video .
4DNwbUD4CVA by adjusting color saturation in photoshop , the gray of the gamut warning can be removed . learn to use the gamut warning in this free photoshop tutorial video .
WVNYCGKrZnk yoga back poses are very good for elongating the spine and connecting the spine with the lower body . learn how to breathe for yoga back poses with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
VsSEOBDSfUY understand when to bet , when to fold , when to hold and when to raise in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering guts poker style in no time .
Okg9Lsw66n4 spring is the time for new life , growth , ideas and a good time to cleanse the body . discover more about spring body cleansing with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free body cleansing video .
eY_pYKKMLYo ship , captain and crew '' does not allow you to limit other players ' rolls by using less rolls yourself . learn how to play the dice game , `` ship , captain and crew , '' in this free gaming video .
ENzV6UHhas8 ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
mF9NDTriAoM trim the base of a ceramic teapot by running your potter 's knife around the form . learn how to trim a teapot with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
-O0Wmrfmvfg self defense techniques made easy ! learn how to strike against a punch in this free video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
_8B4g_BaCWc learn how to finish and complete your decorative pillow by hand sewing an opening in this free home decoration video on making and sewing decorative pillows .
i4Mczr6cWQ4 discover who should move first in heroscape in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
YuH6Vyjelxw for special occasions , a makeup artist will make you look your best . hear tips about when to hire a makeup artist in this free video from a professional makeup artist .
T8hkZyBz9xY keep the skin moisturized at home prior to facial surgery . learn how to treat the skin before getting facial surgery in this free skin care video form a licensed medical aesthetician .
z_GNL-X2R6Q learn the cramp roll steps and moves of advanced tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
hAZCtguzKCE learn where you can find and purchase foam core for mounting photos in this free art collection and hobbies video .
_g0fpC8aiME to safely use a volt-ohm meter , make sure the right settings are in place and pay attention to the black and red colors . learn more about using a volt-ohm meter safely with tips from a general contractor in this free home maintenance video .
R4gyL2zB8Mk the second coat of paint on patch art is where the background color is decided and the artist draws the design outlines . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
kKKOcARcVQo a right-handed softball pitcher will rotate their wrist to the right for a screwball . learn tips for gripping a screwball in this free video on softball pitching techniques from a softball coach .
QcEGmnkFIH4 jump rope double jump is a jump rope technique for kickboxing fitness that is a similar to a basic hop but the jump is higher . learn the double jump jump-rope technique in this free kickboxing fitness video .
Pb8dy8pUaxM all fire extinguishers have to maintained and inspected on a monthly basis . learn how to maintain a fire extinguisher from a fire marshal in this free safety video .
XYaBiEl6wqs centering a ceramic teapot on the pottery wheel for trimming ensures an even base . center a ceramic teapot on the potter 's wheel with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
xlIRFHxJQ7o how to finish planing end grain with a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
NZnKB15lI0A learn tips on how to write the word 'blow ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
Ji5C5MPzRUA if you just planted japanese boxwoods , learn how to care and maintain your plants in this free gardening video clip .
To7Zc-DUpfQ get several ideas for different henna embellished art projects with expert henna design tips in this free arts and crafts video clip .
hdiy62195Do gas giant floods in halo 3 explode when they are killed , killing any other creature in the surrounding area . play halo 3 with tips from a video games specialist in this free video on halo 3 .
pNQER3ab0Pg betting techniques in blackjack . learn about double downs in blackjack with this free video clip about becoming a blackjack card dealer .
Yf3y77eq44Y learn blues music chord changes in b flat on the flute from a professional flutist in this free music lesson video about musical instruments and music theory .
ojL4X5f_u7I learn tips from other sites which are based on templates in this free series of web site creation clips from our experienced internet consultant .
ncfKIPiZPCA surprise and astound your friends with this fun bar trick called round bar in this free video clip .
p62-s8qLmjg boil two cups of water while preparing the vegetables for the stock . make stock for ginger shrimp with garlic-red pepper mayonnaise with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
rogB9qcIObM watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to brush a pool screen enclosure in this free online video about home pool care .
v6gKCNfjNSc in order to become a security officer , one must find a state certified instructor and go through an eight-hour class and a four-hour assessment . once approved by the state , a two-year license is granted to work in that state . know what qualifications are required to become a security officer with tips from a veteran security officer in this free video .
tqsBGEoy3pU expenses for a personal trainer include exercise equipment , travel costs , insurance and certifications . think of expenses as investments when working as a personal trainer with advice from an athletic trainer in this free video on personal training and exercising .
Gtwj3fqc69A get an introduction on how to do 'four on the floor ' drum beats ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
fzOH00UZg84 ideal snowball making gloves should be waterproof and warm . find the right snowball gloves with tips from a seasoned snowball engineer in this free video on snowballs .
Or_QUplyLMg upright bass is easy to learn if easy songs are practiced . learn how to play part four of `` auld lang syne '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
GZSzTr7AUcY learn tips and techniques on how to shape a special round challah with raisins in this free recipe video clip on bread baking .
n6aOMaoq_Is as a woman , there 's a particular chat in filipino dancing . learn to do a woman 's chant in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning filipino dancer .
v8152Q4dEmY diamond appraisals are issued to show the value and quality of a diamond . learn how diamond appraisals work with expert tips from a gemologist in this free diamond video .
rMB526gXzjE how to pull clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
c_l9z6Z8C5w leather saddles generally fit you and the horse better , but they are expensive . learn the differences between the synthetic and leather saddles in this free video about saddles for horseback riding .
JQNH5D6NCZo symmetrical sunglasses are essential to fashion designs and illustrations . learn to design asymmetrical sunglasses for fashion croquis from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
mUZp5FDZKCE in order to delete e-mail messages from microsoft outlook , click on message to delete and hit the clear button . get rid of old and unwanted e-mail messages from microsoft outlook by following the easy steps in this free video from an internet business consultant .
4lwvZT5TQ3o hygiene is an important part of body waxing and hair removal . learn about body waxing for men and how to wax with good hygiene in this free waxing and grooming video .
gtPwb4hPYe4 yoga poses can be great for upper body strength . get some general tips for upper body yoga exercises in this free yoga video .
g0jX0TI-QMw an otb location does not have a live track with horses or dogs running . learn about off-track betting and how to it works in this free otb video from a mutual teller .
Jv6fpXeKkkw learn about the types of concrete and cinder block used for building a walkout basement and useful tips in this free home improvement video .
YHW2VK409ME add a favorite webpage to favorites on internet explorer in microsoft windows by clicking on the start menu to gain access to the drop-down menu that has the add favorites feature . learn to add a favorite webpage to a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft windows .
nQgFCp4e2pk to play eighth note patterns on a drum set , learn a one-and-two , three-and-four count on base drum . practice eighth note rock beats on a drum set with tips from a professional drummer in this free video about how to play drums .
4s7PZPMe8cI charles de beriot ii was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
LrSPxUp0hh0 contrary to common misconception , sake is not a distilled alcoholic beverage . learn more misconceptions about sake in this free video sake guide from a master sake sommelier .
jxeZz9a1Gm8 want to know how your bra should be fitting ? learn about proper bra fit from a certified bra fitter in this free video on women 's lingerie .
vOO_zuEj1bo the french upright bass bow is the most common type of bow . discover upright bass bow types and parts with tips from a music teacher in this free stringed instrument video .
3ddzkmFPEBU so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few accessories you can use if you choose to play guitar .
l8abQFDXiuc determine the type of ram a computer has before upgrading the memory to make it run faster . upgrade a computer with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
7jpW4oLvXM8 the best sunscreen for oily skin is an absolutely oil-free product that also includes oil absorbing properties , such as sunscreen by dermalogica . choose a sunscreen that hydrates and soaks into the skin with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care .
_Psk560FUEY learn how to space plants out in the bed of a home or backyard vegetable garden in this free organic gardening video . get beginner gardening tips & ideas .
W-v4GV0RAKw bounce passing drills can improve accuracy and reduce turnovers . get expert tips and advice on basketball drills , rules , and history in this free video .
tubJ46OXtgs learn diaphragm exercises for baby boomer yoga from a professional hatha yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
uoWpiVGPzYw learn how to measure the frame to cut the door to install a bi-fold door from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
wdVb26ScyOc an internet bookmark is when the user stores the address of useful and frequently used web sites inside the computer so that they can be visited quickly by clicking on the bookmark rather than typing the web address into the browser field . save web sites urls as bookmarks easily and quickly with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
kUlwaBYvyBI wood furniture must be sanded after the finishing coat of lacquer is applied . find out how to wet sand the lacquer finish using mineral oil - free video .
18HknZTPIZs tzatziki is longer just for gyros . learn about eating healthy with fermented foods , improving digestion , and general nutrition in this free video .
SLv7XqqID3U on the saxophone , the c sharp minor scale has only four sharp notes . play a c sharp minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
sIetE2eiTx8 there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a flap heel turn tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
UoWIUOzexrk learn tips and techniques on how to hook the dogs to the gangline before a dogsled race in this free instructional video clip about the dogsled race in iditarod .
mOf5CQgO01M the bo staff overhead outward technique can be combined with other bo staff strikes , and requires relaxed shoulders . practice the overhead outward technique with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on bo staff techniques .
TKeaY0xJhJc watch as a seasoned diyer provides a technique for repairing copper sweating ( joining and soldering ) errors in this free online video about home repair .
JQRIAwMhDOs learn how to read tarot cards from a professional tarot reader in this free fortune-telling video .
ubYW-M53y64 help build your child 's vocabulary with matching objects to pictures . learn how to do the matching objects activity in this free educational video about language montessori methods .
tJNtFuKm62I learn how to choose wholesome organic foods as a busy consumer to help decrease the toxins being put into your body by processed foods with expert tips from a registered dietician in this free online healthy diet video clip .
ICBWlcPRqAo learn how to do a double hop and chop exercise with a kinesis system in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the kinesis system .
t3z4UjsJcKk learn how to use the coluzzle system to mount photos in a scrapbook and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by a scrapbooking expert .
G1jsDl1mVvk learn about the referee , the soccer official that enforces the rules of the game in this free how-to video on the basics and rules of soccer .
OxNiUTsVBYQ once the wood is painted , sprinkle sand in your chinese rock garden . learn how to make a chinese rock garden in this free crafts video .
_oIkkYYEvVg there are two ways to create a clay slab but before that you must prepare your clay to be flattened . learn some tips on how this is done from a clay expert in this free video clip .
Hr10toQeEp8 discover the different land pieces that are used in heroscape and learn how to use them in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
EHbbANALf4o buying a rubber garden hose with a few more feet than is necessary will allow easy movement through the yard . buy a good garden hose with tips from a landscaper in this free video on gardening and lawn care .
59YdpTmMw1k tips for making mac and cheese . learn baking tips for macaroni and cheese in this free mac and cheese recipe from a professional caterer .
UAfEg29qmRY learn how to serve orange honey glazed chicken wings in this free online video cooking lesson .
VO9dHvy7KUE how to display your baby stroller fruit centerpiece ; learn more about decorating your kitchen in this free instructional video .
ifjHpZcqPBI learn how to play fallout boy 's 'sugar , we 're going down ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
o3pjF8Zs4EM learn how to use the pool in cubase music recording software in this free online video tutorial .
2xdy4mHUX-8 pet turtles may react to the owner 's presence , especially if they are fed often by the same person . discover common pet turtle behaviors with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
oBvPY2LkzJM ice plants grow and thrive in warm weather climates and do not require a lot of care or too much water . experience the beauty of ice plants and their little purple flowers with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on plant and flower care .
q4wznIRBnh0 the perfect snack for beer and a ballgame ! learn about placing chicken wings in pan in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
k4OdeKW4fTo freshwater turtles eat fish , minnows , plants , leeches and many other foods . learn about the diet of freshwater turtles , and why pet owners should feed them vegetables , with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle care .
wVvL1NhB2Yo learn tips for chopping chocolate for cookies from an expert baker in this free recipe video about how to make delicious peanut butter chocolate cookies .
H-0T3I_6nC4 learn how to prepare tofu for korean soon tobu ji gae with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
xN9hZgkrptk learn tips on what the offensive line does during a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
XweubIH4Ldo the wood block , or two-tone wood block , is a percussion instrument that creates sound when hit together due to a resonating chamber . learn more about wood blocks and percussion instruments from a professional musician in this free music lesson video .
zIKerfekYuc there are many different supplies kids can create with from paints to markers and beyond ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson on video about art projects for kids taught by expert pamela grier .
dLjun948t5Q in math , a proportion is an equation that says two ratios are equal . solve problems using proportions with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
TvY5zRpr-rg learn all about appropriate floor mats you can use to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
2Y6qgaEhfFM to attach yarn to a knitting needle , the first instruction is to cast on . find out how to cast on to a needle with expert tips from a knitting instructor in this free video about how to knit .
FZ_tTg3JQI4 the last few years have seen dramatic improvement in hearing aid technology . learn about advances in hearing aid technology from an audiologist in this free health video .
qtIvzVYgbuo watch the expert chef zest a lemon for the tomato and feta salad in this free video recipe
SjdvfLfyv8c a rounded chelsea collar in fashion design will be longer than a typical rounded collar . learn about drawing a rounded chelsea collar design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
qO5Yay-vfWs nothing says valentine 's day like heart shapes . learn how to make a heart insert for valentine 's day craft projects in this free craft video .
sP-deP3y8DM learn how to make your own handmade wedding invitations and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
g1e-zO8mZ4c when setting up a pa system , make sure to tape the cables to the floor in order to protect the safety of the audience . tape down the pa system cables correctly with tips from a multimedia technology expert in this free technology video .
vctcF2bDTcc watch the expert chef add cucumber to the tomato and feta salad in this free video recipe .
ltXXoJCsk-U losing five pounds in five days can be done safely with increased hydration , movement and grazing . lose weight fast with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
VVaT1LQCmrc when using a vehicle jack to lift a car for a tire rotation , try to find a sturdy spot like the center under the car . lift a car with a vehicle jack with tips from an automotive repair specialist in this free video on car tires .
ZdyJi-Ciego wash out paint brush frequently when mixing colors . learn how to mix yellow and green from an art instructor in this free color theory video .
uyR44zAO-Yo the albysjon is a vodka-based mixed drink that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
LIITogJFNak learn how to check battery terminals to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
hoeE4Vytv8M sponges are a great way to apply foundation . get tips for using a sponge to apply makeup in this free beauty and fashion video clip .
Arm25e8tqR8 learn how to serve tiramisu after you have made this delicious dessert in this free dessert recipe video on making a delicious tiramisu .
wfUG0yX0C5s since filipino dancing tells stories , learn to represent floating objects , like bubbles , rain and sky in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning filipino dancer .
7o7o9XXItJo practice improv skills with a `` beatnik poet '' game . learn how to play improv games to practice acting skills in this free video on theatre and performance .
KRjEZ9qlH5w you want to crochet your wire in order to make a gothic bracelet , so choose your beads in whatever color you like , and begin stringing them along your new piece of jewelry . learn more in this free video series .
eQeDMf7vBUA learn how to fold a v-neck sweater in this free online instructional video , including tips for folding clothes like shirts , jeans , dresses , skirts , sweaters and more .
EcRPAwsrhfA make sure everything is unplugged ! learn about safety precautions when diagnosing audio gear in this free vintage electronics restoration video .
nl9VqNtMHcc accordion solitaire requires making tough card choices . make the best accordion solitaire card choices with expert tips from a professional card player in this free video about solitaire card games .
hzExHfpGXNQ mark where your valance strings are going to hang before attaching them . learn how to mark your window valance board in this free craft video about making beaded window valances .
svgx9PjDHLk yin and yang are the flowing forces of taoism that have influenced many philosophies of flux . learn tai chi principles of yin and yang from an authentic teacher in this free tai chi video .
m6bkhV_9OXE leopard handles basic mouse functions with ease . get tips on using a mouse in leopard from an apple computers specialist in this free computer software video .
bNCYIi6dHq8 learn how to add detail to your clay tile design for a mosaic table in this free ceramics video lesson .
G3qZW-hZXaQ the most basic knife thrust is the forward thrust which can be defended with the proper training . prepare for the worst with these tips from a black belt kung fu instructor in this free self defense video .
G2dND014Ps4 find out about the anatomy of a razor scooter and it 's basic components in this free instructional , sports recreation video from a razor scootering expert .
Q3tM-N96pgs there are dozens of ways to play a dm ( d minor ) guitar chord and even more ways to play harmony notes up and down the guitar neck . learn one specific way to play in the key of dm from a guitar expert in this free video clip .
4d65nWXbgVU learn how to excavate or dig up your black eye susan plant for transplant in this free gardening video clip .
zHdL4PUyd8c how to build the c major chord on the guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
5kHH12MlkFQ how to use a bench grinder buffer wheel ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
ShCC40oNRDo a warmer snowboard jacket is not always the best and safest choice . learn why it 's what is underneath a snowboard jacket that 's important with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
g05yGRoZE10 flux is a chemical used to solder glass pieces together . learn how to use flux for art glass in this free crafting video about supplies for copper foil projects .
jtEptmRGzCs drawing emo cartoons involves creativity and creating characters that can be creepy and depressing but interesting at the same time . sketch emo cartoons with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
QihqA8_MZpo learn how various vitamins can increase your metabolism with expert health tips in this free online metabolism video clip .
Ty60YyCtb2k cutting out your fabric , choosing your yarn and preparing your sewing machine are all steps needed to create the perfect bag . learn how to create your own masterpieces in this free video series that will have you mastering sewing projects in no time .
qiupq8AjnH0 you can execute a number of different kicks from the outside position , including side and roundhouse kicks . learn how to kick from outside position in self defense in this free martial arts video .
9jsDdrvDwHo samurai joint locks are easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
DKImmjyg91I acupuncture is a good alternative medicine to help women with problems of fibromyalgia . learn tips on how and why this is and how acupuncture can help from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
LP2BIus-SPA part one on how to play holding patterns on church organ and keyboard ; get expert tips and instruction on playing organs and other musical instruments for church in this free music lesson video .
wctmkgLbRlI before digitizing drawings , make sure the lines are dark enough for the scanner to pick up . make better-quality scans when scanning and painting a drawing with the tips in this free flash tutorial from a professor in animation and interactive media .
afcoPe5jc5U moving in yoga from downward facing dog to wheel , or chakra , pose can be an advanced process . learn advanced yoga transitions like downward dog to wheel pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
pBbL3GQM87s the clothes you wear show respect to your business and position . learn appropriate informal business attire from a business and communication expert in this free business etiquette video .
qlylYD3IMU8 when performing the standing lunge , remember to breathe and open the hip girdle . practice the standing lunge with tips from a registered yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
uNgJCVmlexI snowmen are wonderful christmas decorations . get tips for making snowmen decorations in this free video clip about easy christmas crafts .
TthMKXY9LmY using transfer paper is a great way to transport a girl 's portrait on to paper before oil painting . learn more about transfer paper from a professional artist in this free painting video .
qChkqKg3bjI to do the cha cha , follow a forward-back-cha-cha-cha pattern , alternating from forward-back to back-forward and rocking in each direction . practice the fun cha cha with a demonstration from a professional ballroom dance instructor in this free video on dance .
lwh0Tavy8Ks choose safe , cool , and educational baby toys and learn how to store baby toys in this free video on baby toys and safety .
y6dY6TeIC-g when playing a scale on the violin , a half step means notes are next to one another . play the third scale degree of the b harmonic minor scale on the violin with the music tips in this free video on violin lessons from a professional violinist .
woE8IcYWLNI get a summary of all the stilt walking tips you 've learned with expert advice in this free circus tricks video on tips for using , owning , and jumping stilts .
G5lqG2VO4jI how to select nail polish colors for making hand painted nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
j6mQV0qoC1g the d major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the fourth mode called the lydian mode from an expert violinist in this free video .
t8OG7KqSGLI play organ scales up as well as down for more practice . learn how to play organ bass lines in different scales in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
Fz-N1S0swh8 how to cut peppers to make a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
SaI90PANz6Q how to understand and play rhythms when reading guitar tab ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
NINStUpGruc learn what would be appropriate jewelry to wear with a summer dress in this free fashion video clip .
prHisc3p0WA learn how to get started as a contortionist in this free online series of health fitness videos from our expert gymnast .
hME8RwgCF5c how to use a combination of colors to create a sea coast scene with watercolors ; tips and techniques for how to begin painting with watercolors in this free online art video taught by expert larry dubitsky .
NNCM7nTk9ho massage the hot stones along the spine of the upper back and up across the shoulder . practice hot stone massage therapy with this free massage video .
wc-qdwEWnZI how to create a mail merge document in microsoft word , learn more about mail merge features in microsoft word , excel , and open office in this free instructional video .
fzncPNr2Sc0 register for nhra car-racing events as a driver and learn how from our professional driver in this free drag-racing video on nhra event registration .
8_UvC8-xRmo what are the benefits for children from a visit to the chiropractor in this free alternative medicine video .
NceW2CrQvGo to get rid of blackheads , use an exfoliating product . find out how to get rid of blackheads with expert tips from a beauty professional in this free video about acne and blemishes .
U0OhdSppWJw a diamond expert explains how diamonds are separated by size in this free video about diamond jewelry .
fzueHkUDyhE learn all about the history of roller derby tracks in this free instructional video on starting a roller derby team .
Q6fHzM7V33A making a form in excel is possible by going to the data menu , clicking on form and entering in the desired information . create simple forms with excel with tips from an experienced excel user in this free video on computer software .
Z2Ej2-rN9bQ play upright bass scales , such as c minor , which has three flats . learn about the upright bass c minor scale in this free stringed instrument video on octave scales from a music teacher .
CgRx2BN19Rw how to mechanically sharpen a chainsaw ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
yUVuuGLQFCs hooks in boxing are used for fighting on the inside and should be done without dropping the hands . throw a hook in boxing with tips from a boxing coach and trainer in this free instructional video on beginner boxing tips .
zMXD8Ox0LcE know when to fire off of the line of scrimmage ! . learn how to watch the snap with expert tips and advice on playing the defensive tackle position in this free video clip on football .
kndjk90Fwxk learn how to use marker for an embossed valentine 's day card with expert tips on valentine 's day crafts in this free video .
PR9vohw8ynk learn how to play evanescence 's 'broken ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
l9Q8Sz2SDEs go underneath crochet chain to use extra yarn . learn more advice on how to crochet in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .
nmh9lhU433Q using small blocks in relief printmaking in a repetitive pattern can create a large interesting piece . learn other printing ideas with expertise from a printmaker in this free printmaking video .
lorIUgN5e_g campfires can be dangerous , so it 's important to follow fire safety techniques . get campfire safety tips , plus learn who should stay away from campfires , in this free cold weather camping video guide .
gIuBfWXqjOE when playing gospel music on the hammond organ , add flare to song by playing licks from a scale . play a gospel groove licks on a hammond organ with the music tips in this free video organ lesson from a church organist .
h3ZeKbQqquI build an elaborate sandcastle . learn how to shape the central cone of a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
WvfX0F8lXKQ make your sandcastle look like a real castle ! learn how to create corner turrets for your sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
W7wFlqCzO98 clean vcr heads by inserting a head cleaning tape for 30 seconds , pressing play and then following the instructions that come with the cleaning tape . try hitting search forward or search reverse with a head cleaning tap to help the cleaning process with tips from the owner of a tv and vcr repair shop in this free video on vcrs .
RMyK8Vg1HKQ massaging a dog 's stomach and genital area is not only a way to relax your dog , it 's also a great way to check for uterine cancer and cancer of the mammal veins . learn how to massage a dog 's stomach in this free pet care video lesson .
_lKkL6862k4 save money by booking your flight online . learn how to find a cheap flight in this free travel tips video from an experienced traveler .
bzkhWqAgMww using a chair , work arm and leg muscles with sissy squats . learn how to do circuit training sissy squats in this free workout video from a certified personal trainer .
tWJz7uMIM-8 escrima , like other martial arts , uses weapons such as sticks and staffs for fighting . learn how to make linear strikes with the staff in this free martial arts video .
mB7ZI6qz4YY backyard safety gates keep intruders out and children in . secure the backyard with self-closing gates with tips from a parenting specialist in this free home safety video .
9ycfKz7J-WU using the principles of yin yang , learn how to use feng shui designs that incorporate opposites in this free video from a leading feng shui practitioner .
LOs0OIfGXX4 the largest dinosaurs ever . the learn all about sauropod dinosaurs in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
KLnwFvb5gpE a 633 pattern looks best when it alternates between both hands . learn the 633 pattern in four ball juggling in this free hobby video .
3cHmlzOonn0 build biceps and bigger arms with resistance bands ; learn resistance band exercises for upper body muscles in this free video .
RTKVUftEg2s learn how to properly care for a baritone saxophone and get professional instruction for playing this versatile and beautiful instrument in this free music lesson video .
redF53FTM7A people who work from home have a tendency to dress down in a way that promotes laziness . dress for work with tips from a freelance writer in this free video on working from home .
i2F-LK9j9IY playing an isolated double drum beat on strokes three and four in an eight-count measure with the left hand creates a quick sense of 16th notes . play this isolated double-beat variation on a snare drum with tips and advice from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
Ed5GqnlHcik in a good golf swing you keep your hands in line with the target . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
i8ws_Rxycfs learn tips for dancing the cha cha from a professional dance coach in this free dance lesson video clip .
nk3gcnyzEb8 being in an alliance in travian online means knowing how they work . learn how to play travian online in this free video tutorial series with travian experts .
tvshRzqKcbY avoiding simple , yes or no questions in an interview force the interviewee to give longer , more explanatory responses . learn to avoid simple yes or no questions in interviews from an experienced interviewer in this free film production video .
LCJ1MxEcyvA create extra space on a computer by installing an internal hard drive . add an internal hard drive with the tips in this free video on computer peripherals from a professional computer hardware trainer .
MkEP25WlMNc learn tips for getting love coupons as a christmas gift for your boyfriend with expert tips on christmas presents in this free video .
FzAIlhumvMA reading your home drug test instructions is very important . learn more about following drug testing instructions with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free drug testing video .
vIpDQi7qlVs how to cut the sides for cutting and layering curly hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
uoZJO07TtZk drawing three vanishing points in 2d design establishes realistic 3d perspective on paper . learn to use three vanishing point in two-dimensional design from an artist in this free video art lesson .
g3DkYITeIy0 dentist make impressions of your teeth to make teeth whitening trays . learn how teeth whitening trays work to whiten teeth from an oral hygienist in this free dental care video .
8lpp7AsM6fw learn how to maintain the proper nitrogen level in your aquarium with tips from a fish expert in this free pet care video .
Rkfqkf8giJo learn how to mix seasonings for garlic chicken ; learn tips , tricks , techniques and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert creole chef karl james .
J0tSRkL6nQw there is a master track for every session in garageband that effects every track in the session . mix and edit musical tracks with this garageband feature as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
hKdJ8GX6FnQ in djembe repair , tie the last knot after the ring is put on the djembe . tie the last knot on a djembe drum using the djembe repair tips in this free video .
R1TGO8bBkl4 learn how to correctly and safely remove your bagels from the over from our expert in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
3C7HOqi1bQ4 the over head triceps stretch is effective if you have a good range of motion . learn how to properly perform this stretch from a former professional athlete in this free video .
-imuKTMBXAM many web sites can be used to find cheap retail shoes and clothing , while stores like wal-mart and target are useful as well . discover the best places to find women 's shoes and clothes at cheap retail prices with tips from the owner of a shoe store in this free video on buying women 's shoes .
lWzjb8s-G_E three horns for this fierce dinosaur . learn all about triceratops in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
4p-TE_W6RO4 spice up your halloween party with easy decorations ! learn about cutting a spider web out of a table cloth in this free video clip about halloween party ideas for children .
2NdV94T-JNc indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to season indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
RbDsI2O_9B8 the classic style never goes out of fashion . learn how to pick clothes for a classic clothing trend in this free video series about how to build a woman 's wardrobe .
YOoZfNAJyoM get a walkthrough of upgrading equipment in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
P-XnljplGaM splatter painting in watercolor is a great way to improve the interest in your paintings . learn how to splatter paint with watercolors in this free art lesson video .
3MQjOPgjsM4 learn how to add the final trim to a sheet cake and get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
g2NA_eBUcH8 playing three-card poker involves trying to get a hand better than the dealer 's , as a queen-six-four hand or higher is typically a good enough hand to stay in the game . learn to play three-card poker with instructions from an experienced card player in this free video on poker games .
epEZRZw9w94 looking for face painting ideas ? learn how to add orange and yellow to a rainbow with face paints in this free video about easy face painting designs .
SMwSocC9BqI play quarter notes on the bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 2 for this simple drum beat variation . learn how in this free beginners drum lesson video .
A-2I14V5UJE want to make your own t-shirt design ? learn how to get started designing t-shirts in this free video clip .
g0TkUiO7t4I dry skin is one of the main causes of wrinkles . learn more about dry skin can cause wrinkles and how to prevent it with expert tips in this free wrinkle treatment and prevention video .
HsuGQllVvcI the revolved head to knee pose in yoga is great for relaxing the muscles the longer you maintain the pose . learn a few tips for executing the revolved head to knee pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
xvTkvsyHsNk teach material and reference it to practical life . learn ways of teaching returning adult students from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
G3di9jJTqDs the downshift is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
gHik_54lD7s the fighting stance , in kung fu , is the foundation of all the different footwork exercises . learn more about the kung fu fighting stance from a professional kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
0tdOJV4J01w the acoustic bass has a very specific sound that is unmistakable . learn tips and hear exactly what an acoustic bass sounds like played by a bass expert in this free video clip .
aRBj6B8qxW0 with plant gift baskets , picking plants that match and fit the container is important . learn how to pick out gift basket plants with tips from a florist in this free gift basket video .
Qua2xy4wZSM try improving your drive distance by getting stronger overall ; try this golf tip to improve your drives and better your golf game in this free video golf lesson .
I0Li0XZ9okI if you are looking for a baby easter basket , learn the supplies to make your own in this free easter video about making personalized easter gift baskets for children .
hJwKppk97dk rhythm is very important in west african dances . learn how to add more rhythms for your african dancing in this free dance lesson video .
Xm5ESNtoVP8 the hero yoga pose has very specific head positioning that creates more work for your other muscles . learn tips on how this is done from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
gf7wrBG-gfs when practicing the b scale on the saxophone , play thirds to master the notes . practice thirds in the scale of b to become a better saxophone player with the tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
fzz1bxvAz4k the tip shoulder is important for pool cues . get expert tips and advice from a certified pool instructor in this free pool instructional video .
lAzTPrU69DY sprinting as a warm-up is done in short spurts to increase the heart rate and improve blood circulation . sprint as part of a warm-up with tips from a professional football player in this free video on warming up .
jx8AaF-A10g a pedodontic dentist concentrates on dental treatment for children . discover what pedodontic dentists do with information from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
WIA8I-81YnM how to toast rice for authentic spanish food recipes ; learn more about traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
Km0BMOUaANY watch as a seasoned expert demonstrates how to remove carpet stains by buffing in this free online video about professional carpet care .
N_EGos4Vv8c belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do tee shirt arms in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
jFvVMC9tq8s learn about the rules of improv comedy in this free video clip .
GvUl8XU2MlM learn the chinese symbols for very with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
MaNzWA-0L9c folding a bandanna to wear in your back pocket entails following the natural creases in the bandanna and leaving a flap to stick out of the pocket . fold a bandanna to fit in your back pocket and keep it ready for use with tips from a veteran hip-hop recording artist in this free video on rap culture and fashion .
okgEaOtJJ7I choose paint brushes for painting a sign that fit the material being used . learn good paint brushes to make a sign from a professional craftswoman in this free sign making video .
g0Abwige7MQ one legged hop butt exercises are great for creating toned butt muscles . learn this butt firming exercise in a free fitness video .
r8MWASgIrIs repainting the belly cast can help it fit in with different rooms as a decoration ; learn how to decorate a belly cast in this free video .
seLL440n6js urinating in the house is a cat behavior problem that can be fixed with a few simple solutions . assess a cat 's urinating problems with tips from an animal rescue volunteer in this free video on cat behavior .
8lO7InFAbKo clay artists remove fingerprints on clay pots using a sponge . learn how to shape a pot after throwing it on the wheel and how to remove fingerprints in this free ceramics video on making neti pots .
pfEIHZKMii4 watch and learn how to do some great sit up exercises from our experts in this free health and fitness video on athletic strength training exercises for performance .
IytPbGtfo14 the california hurricane is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
hfWwL63RtJo learn how to repair a clamshell chip in a windshield with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
J8SE4A7f6Y8 balancing is key in the yoga flower pose for kids . learn about the flower pose in kids ' yoga from a yoga instructor in this free fitness and exercise video for children .
tkGzJPO4RWM the strings of a tennis racket are generally made of cow gut or nylon with a mono-filament polymer . discover how tennis racket strings are made with advice from a uspta certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis rackets .
PJNF_BIWyWU learn how to season flour for chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
D_6h_VYFg8E the grip refers to both the way that you grip your golf club and the grip on the club that you hold onto . learn about the importance of good golf club grips and how to use proper golf club gripping techniques in this free golfing instruction video .
mKZGnAbvCdA chair dancing involves a lot of stretches and flexibility . learn more about chair dancing stretches with tips from a dance instructor in this free aerobic dance video .
giZtPi9nATQ in this basic drum beat , play 8th notes on the high hat , beats 2 and 4 on the snare drum , and beat 1 on the bass drum , or kick drum . learn how in this beginners drum lesson video on playing drum beat variations .
GKT4O5DLkZI learn how to conduct music in this free video series that will teach you all you need to know to become a great music conductor .
Zx1fFgkymu8 learn how to tuck the corners from our expert on making a picture light switch cover in this free home decorating video making light switch plate covers .
It-jBHpQLoM add variety to a flamenco dance routine by adding alternative steps . learn how to do alternative flamenco steps in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning flamenco dancer .
aJSPNVIfXHU the 2-5-1 note pattern on a saxophone is a popular progression in the key of a that has three sharps . play a 2-5-1 note pattern on the saxophone in the key of a with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
oKVyZegqgmU what kind of saw do you need ? learn about different types of saws in this free woodworking series from an expert furniture maker .
ecNToINfCxA buying blank cds for recording music or transferring data offers cd options in both quality and design . burn cdr discs once or cdrw discs multiple times , and print words and images onto some discs with tips from a veteran hip-hop recording artist in this free video on the rap music industry .
-grRbPE2NiU how to hem around the triangle top on a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
hqYJ9jQ4LYw magazine pages make a great paper source for gift wrapping . watch this free video clip and see how a gift wrapping expert chooses the best magazine pages for wrapping a tote bag .
-kFAxF9mFH0 cooking a spinach pakora snack . learn the recipe for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
mUb0UjuA0VA the best sunscreen depends on an individual 's skin type , but a great product is solar defense booster by dermalogica , which is a serum that can be mixed with a moisturizer or foundation or worn by itself . find the best sunscreen for either dry , oily or combination skin with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care .
PAbACJv7zsU how to get started making rock and gemstone jewelry ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
RDX2bAYnBpw when trimming clay candlesticks , use ceramics trimming tool learn how to trim the base of clay candlesticks in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
tyi0GmII4ic learn about sabre fencing tournament formats with expert fencing tips in this free basis sabre fencing video clip .
uCYPxi0PmxA learn how to draw a wall , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
OwN2zJfrlkE to change a band saw blade , unplug the machine , loosen knobs to remove the cover , unscrew the old blade with a screwdriver and add the new blade by applying the appropriate tension . tighten the new band saw blade to make sure it stays in place with this free video from a professional contractor .
gMRo3KvhBEs in order to change new mail notification sounds for outlook , go to the sound and audio devices of the control panel , scroll to the new email notifications and select from a list of additional sounds . change the new mail notification sound and try samples in outlook with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools .
3MuRc9EV7M8 a water bottle weight just over one pound . learn the triceps kickback with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
rbfbg_iypD4 a homemade card will personalize the birthday of a friend or family member , whether adult or child . create a handmade birthday card with tips from a scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
XUHhrldtbBE picking a club sponsor in `` fifa 08 '' manager mode is easy with these tips . get expert advice on gaming and video games in this free video .
_k538maVVeY learn how to melt butter when making some beef stroganoff with expert cooking tips in this free recipe video on learning how to make your own beef stroganoff .
gbvJRSW0RPc try this drill to cure a slice by watching the club head ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
IKlMAlPWL7U to end a crochet scarf you will need to weave the yarn end back into the scarf . learn more about how to end a crochet scarf with tips from a craft expert in this free crochet video .
N7PusT2kIlU how to cut a spring onion ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
pCu9M-2e29U how is improv structured ? learn about the rules of improv in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
rze9rf0Efs8 a single mocha is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
JlcxnRxkcV8 learn the upward facing plank with strap pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
4bxXNQub9rY when playing aces in golf solitaire , remember that they can be played off of kings or twos . play aces correctly in golf solitaire with tips from an experienced poker player in this free video on card games .
WLvWdLJRvOQ the diamond step in belly dancing creates a diamond shape with your feet . learn the diamond step with tips from a dance expert in this free belly dancing video .
leaU9ztILyM to do a wheelie on a wheelchair , lift the chair off the front two wheels to balance on the large , back wheels . learn how in this free wheelchair tricks and stunts video lesson .
RiqEFeT4R6o learn how to broil this homemade leek soup recipe with expert cooking tips in this free video clip .
4WKg0hOnKog upright bass shifting from the half position requires big shifts . learn about shifting from half position on the d string on upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
Plt-Po6HwZY how to start blow drying your hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
BBssNMfC2bI tips for sewing your quilt . learn how to sew pieces of quilt fabrics together on a sewing machine in this free quilting lesson from a crafts expert .
bnkUHOlG1y0 just planted perennial flower bulbs in your garden ? learn how to settle the bulbs in the soil in this free video clip about gardening .
zctraqAKCaQ add interest with a stain on the inside of a bowl in a watercolor painting . learn how to add interesting details with expert tips from an art teacher in this free painting video .
Lap37Yu5TTU rhubarb plants can thrive year-round in a spring garden given the right care and attention . plant rhubarb for spring with the tips in this free video on gardening and farming from a professional organic gardener .
FZw5BAVpKx4 the focus of a two-dimensional design leads the viewer across the design field . create focus in two-dimensional design with tips from an artist in this free design video .
G3HKHxevpFI facial scrubs remove dead skin cells and offer a healthy glow to the face . learn benefits for home facial scrubs from an esthetician in this free spa treatment video .
cE0FFNh1H3g hitting a singles return deep and center will give you a good chance to get the server off balance . learn about return placement in tennis from a professional instructor in this free sports video .
Yq7wpqPsJIs give the gift of music ; learn the lyrics and the hand gestures for `` beehive '' and `` bumblebee '' in this free children 's rhyme video from an expert on playtime for kids .
zHTJkDsps_E get the power you need for your car stereo . learn how to pick out a car stereo amplifier in this free auto electronics video .
7CJWeCjTUMY playing the press drum roll faster is essential to getting that closed sound , get expert tips and advice on drumming techniques in this free video .
pBP4Z0IrCvM outside turn bachata dance steps can move the female partner in either direction . learn how to do outside turns in bachata dancing with tips from a professional dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
GIkXnMUo4wQ learn how to add color to decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
vmGkACp_cYA find a computer 's ip address in microsoft windows by clicking on the start menu and using the run program . locate the ip address of a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft windows .
G0Q6AlvH96I combat jujitsu straight blasts are elliptical punches that are great for the beginning of a street fight . learn to do a straight blast for combat jujitsu in this free video on jujitsu techniques .
TWLs6iD_CmE adding body weight to sissy squat increases the difficultly . learn how to do circuit training sissy squats with lateral raises in this free workout video from a certified personal trainer .
vFMCoPIbKj8 french braiding short hair is best done by incorporating two french braids to ensure all of the short pieces of hair are included in the plait . create two french braids in short hair with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
95iolEjqs14 how to use a block plane with basic techniques for beginners ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
EaTvzqwtfYk a side step added to a belly dancing shimmy draws attention downward to the hips and feet . practice a side step shimmy with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
qllE1DvNgXg counting 1/16 notes for drumming is easy with these tips , get expert advice on music lessons in this free video .
_But74ZZn8g expert furniture restoration tips . learn how to remove screw to plug holes in furniture in this free woodworking video from a furniture restoration expert .
_G0RrDVpOZ4 yoga can alleviate stress and pain that builds up in the wrists due to daily activity in the office . learn to stretch out your wrists correctly from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
XPHhWUgz5lk for the cardboard model car , outline all the details , like the headlights , doors and windows . detail areas of a cardboard model car with tips from an experienced crafter in this free video on arts and crafts .
pERnt3ngStA when playing the swing drum beat pattern , add a little flare by playing the snare drum on one . learn more about playing the snare for the swing drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
g0S7FAqIweA firefighters often use the coat method to don a scba . learn how to use the coat method to don scba ( self-contained breathing apparatus ) in this free video on donning firefighter gear .
gJBKLgcmnbo most golf clubs have an iron shaft , except if they are senior , women , or junior clubs . learn about the different types of golf club shafts in this free golf video about golf equipment and supplies .
hVOoklixyyg the telegraph was first used to carry messages across a long distance . learn about telegraphs and morse code with information from a science teacher in this free video on building a telegraph .
g1HvmBOR7Y4 using a british slip dog lead is more convenient than a traditional leash and collar . use a british slip dog lead with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video series .
JhbDRRz257Y begin toning the legs by adding strengthening exercises to a regular routine . tone the legs with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on lower body exercises .
gsz6IiyQkD0 make sure your printing glass is clean when making contact sheets . learn how to clean your glass plate when printing your own contact sheets in this free darkroom photography lesson from a professional photographer .
YNdb3E4rdzI learn how to connect your cards by number and suit in the fan tan option of barbu in this free video series that will have you mastering barbu in no time .
IoLvpm7PH6s many times in skinny minnie they 'll be a split of the pot because the game is played high low . learn how to play skinny minnie poker in this free gaming video .
w_jQFTqC1Qg discover the proper way to cut nodes into a wooden flute . learn about cutting flutes out of wood in this free wood carving video .
S_KKnuNbytE color balance in photoshop is great for finishing or coordinating images . learn how to work with color balance in photoshop from a professional photographer in this free photoshop tutorial video .
wqK3fd2Pkx4 learn how to get out on the skeet field and find out how to start target shooting in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
QBB3yOTX16I the snare drum is the anchor of a drum kit . learn how to play it well in this free video .
xR0c3xATaDU practicing various stopping techniques on ice skates is a great way to familiarize yourself with the proper footwork . learn a few stopping techniques from a professional ice hockey player in this free sports video .
KVfP0av8HUU if a sleeping bad is uncomfortable , it 's hard to get any sleep . learn how to keep sleeping bags dry and what rain gear to bring on backpacking trips in this free camping video .
VfahS9xgDho set up your fax machine easily , with tips on correct settings , toner and paper feed in this free household appliances video about using a fax machine and other household appliances .
g3pQw-T5tts learn how to cast your line in this free instructional fishing video with pro fishing tips for kids .
uPyNjLGABjE yoga 's half jathara parivartansana can have crossed knees to make a restful practice . learn supine yoga poses like half jathara parivartanasana from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
TKrTGzUvIyg losing stomach weight requires a balanced combination of exercise and diet . lose weight around the stomach with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
tReJExJ3EdQ when waxing the upper lip , apply the wax in two sections before removing the cloth in the opposite direction of hair growth . use baby oil after waxing the upper lip with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
RVT6QtA5y3o watch as an expert bachelor discusses the myths associated with dating supermodels in this free online video about attracting women .
YSPM66wWkQg remember to apply a hand mirror design to both sides for continuity . learn about applying paper to a decoupage hand mirror at home in this free crafting video .
OMbFGJnaVOw using a santoku knife to slice a tomato and the technique for holding the knife ; tips , tricks and more in this free online cooking video that will teach you about chef knives with tips from an expert .
Ijw4fNDEP_0 want to put your sewing machine to work ? learn tips for sewing anchor stitches in this free video clip about how to sew a jewelry bag .
IdkZ_mp93WY play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with double back beat on two with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
RubWoG_HYcQ to accompany this beijing chicken recipe , vegetables can be chopped to make a roasted vegetable side dish . chop vegetables to go with beijing chicken with tips from a chef in this free video on chinese food recipes .
_b8p6ELFFdI when purchasing a hermit crab at a pet store , find a crab that is eager to get away , comes out of its shell and has no deformities . identify an unhealthy hermit crab using this free video from a exotic pet specialist on hermit crab care .
R_haFNcJhRo do n't forget to fill in your eyebrows for stage makeup . learn how to fill in your eyebrows with eyeshadow with this free makeup video about stage makeup techniques .
JNw3O8qoPW8 there are several strategies to solving tangrams . learn about a few in this free video clip on these chinese mind teaser puzzles .
T-PpbR4KL88 how to compress clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
LQX_exvFffk learn why it is important to register your car safety seat in this free video on child safety seats .
qle53sAdRgw potters use pottery tools such as the needle tool , potter 's knife , rubber rib and sponge to make clay mugs and tumblers on the pottery wheel . learn to prepare clay for making clay mugs on the pottery wheel in this free video on ceramics featuring a pottery artist .
geseEurhJQ8 getting the left hand in position is key for a successful golf swing . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
-Z_tKUNxsNY learn the rules and gameplay of the guts poker variant in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
QD0RvZgeTCc using a theraband , in pilates , for arm pull exercises will help you work out the intrinsic muscles in your arms , shoulders and back . learn to use a theraband for arm pulls from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
TGSnL3sSm4E riding trails on a snowmobile is one of the best way to enjoy the outdoors . learn about trail riding from our snowmobiling expert in this free video .
zNT_wJGPFpU in vinyasa yoga , perform the wide-leg standing bend pose to open the pelvis and engage the abdominal muscles . practice the wide-leg standing forward bend with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
JVlO9iUb2CM start practicing ujjayi breathing with the mouth open and then recreate the sound with the nose . learn vinyasa yoga and ujjayi breathing in this free yoga video lesson .
_FkLfg4LD0s learn a variation of side bends , aquatic arthritis exercise for arthritis torso pain treatment in this free aquatic treatment video .
ZHxCV0XHEzw motocross is performed on a closed course with man-made obstacles . learn more about motocross with tips from a professional motocross rider in this free sports video .
E76NTUIqQzE flex your left foot and point your right foot . send your right foot straight , all the way up towards the ceiling . learn how to do single leg circles in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
nXN95bN7874 in cha-cha drumming , drummers hit consistent eighths on the ride cymbal . learn to play cha-cha music on the drums in this free online video drum lesson .
5PMW3iWCUQQ learn how to play an ominous and dark style of music on the bass guitar in this free video series that talks about the guitar and the different musical stylings it lends itself to .
_Q698kRyeos adjust the pitch of fl studio files using the envelope controls . learn about pitch adjustment with the sytrus generator in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
nZLX9zDPNas auditioning with a monologue ? get tips to nail your audition in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
ULF9vSj7Al0 creating your best three-card hand is in the z poker variant is discussed in this free video series from our poker expert and professional card shark who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
yYMLlo2KKxY learn how to purchase beads with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
rLFaWSKKTtU learn how to open the box and turn the pig over for roast pig in a caja china box by watching this free cooking recipe video from our professional exotic cuisine chef .
-wtY6iAIHQU details in a watercolor windmill painting can be done with a fine tipped brush . see an example of detail watercolor painting with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
uHHT9dABaHk the e flat major phrygian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the third note of the e flat major scale . play the phrygian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced music instructor in this free video saxophone lesson .
TJLwP0QzEcg a soothing bath soak contains scented oils that make the experience more sensuous . add oils to a soothing bath soak with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free video on health and beauty .
O9MhE0sUT98 drying an auto engine after detailing can be done with a high pressure air gun . discover more about drying a car engine with tips from a car detailing expert in this free video on car maintenance .
D8chF39INh8 learn how to wash , peal and prepare the carrots for a cheesy bean dip that a diabetic person would be able to eat and enjoy in this free video series .
NQMJ1RFr0CU the best way to open a paint can is with an opener that can be bought at hardware stores . use a screwdriver as an alternative to opening a paint can with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
5xQaVNK2NJs size handles for a ceramic herb planter to ensure they are proportional to the piece . learn how to size clay handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
sQQtU1khryI learn about the table spread when having the cards of a stripper deck selected from a professional magician in this free card trick video
nGqFL-cMoHU getting an attacker in a wrist lock is an effective way to defend yourself if someone tries to choke you . learn the basic aikido wrist lock technique kotegaeshi from a front choke in this free aikido training video featuring 5th degree black belt and us martial arts hall of fame inductee fred mastison sensei .
K5lRDcRkV1Q learn how to use a bandana to style your hair with expert beauty tips in this free hair styling and accessories video clip .
i4lu002uq44 tie a clove hitch to a post for use as an anchor . learn how to tie clove hitch knots for lashing or anchoring in this free knot tying video from an eagle scout .
t2TEhlJ3iKk short form improv is when actors used scenes , or stories , that are unrelated to each other for comedy . learn more about short form improv from an improv comedy expert in this free video .
qLKmaPX793E want to learn how to taste wine ? get tips for smelling wine aromas in this free video from a wine sommelier .
QK6avg1DQto learn how to massage the toes using expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
cgAOIgJs_hs curious about montessori curriculum ? learn how montessori teaches decimals to preschoolers in this free educational video clip about montessori math methods .
HFA_4HkuXqc to care for a horse in a stable , muck stalls regularly , line the stall with fresh saw dust and supply fresh water and food . learn more about caring for a horse in a stable with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
7kqe5Wx-7Xw how much oil to use , pan to use and technique for frying your wrapped spring rolls and final presentation of your meal and learn this and more in this free online cooking video on asian food taught by an expert chef .
nIZupxA0qcM add a little bridge to the arrangement by either making holes or using glue . learn how to add accent flowers to a silk flower wall hanging from a professional floral designer in this free video .
8UA9yvbgjMY sanitize feet and hands before performing a foot massage . learn how to sanitize before a massage with tips from an aethetician in this free beauty guide video .
G1Lht9z3V7o installing a chain on a bike starts with buying the right size chain , which will match the speed of the bike in width and length . put the chain on the bike by opening the master link and sliding the chain over the gears with these tips from a bicycle specialist in a free video on bike repair .
lF7fhOioqvQ when buying a spotting scope for bird watching , look closely at the zoom factors on the eyepiece . learn how to pick a spotting scope in this free bird watching video about how to begin to bird watch .
G38DbiHHTW0 off-side passing in women 's lacrosse is a fun way to pass the ball and improve your ball control . learn how to do an off-side pass in this free lacrosse video lesson .
p8uw548bG-8 use a zipper foot when sewing on the pockets so you can get nice and close to the edge . learn how to make a multi-pocket , hanging organizer out of recycled jeans in this free crafts video .
IRmSC69Es90 the low back to right hamstring pose in yoga will work out tightness in the hamstring which often causes back pain . learn how to do a yoga low back to right hamstring pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
g3V0BsmDUgY when choosing the right hair style for your face , pull your hair back and take into account the shape of your face . choose the right hair style with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
SlBedKfA2w8 learn about the sliders workout on a rowing machine and what the sliders exercise works in this free exercise video on using a rowing machine for health and fitness training .
-O0OFs7gIzo learn about resources for home school geography with expert tips from an experienced teacher and home school authority in this free homeschooling video clip .
Yc_1Ht52Cf8 the final step in pen turning a complete , working pen is assembling the various parts together . assemble a custom-made pen with a wood turning expert in this free video on pen turning .
lbLvKcoFqwk using a scraper is a fairly easy wasy of finishing a bowl cut . learn how to use a scraper for finishing a bowl cut from a woodturning expert in this free crafts series .
smoOnFsHwc8 spindly tangram puzzles are some of the most basic tangram games that require a strategy to solve quickly . learn how to play this chinese shapes game in this free video clip .
_Jb0wNDZF_Y pellet and other dry diets are easy for your turtle . live fish run the risk of parasites . learn about proper feeding and diet for your turtle from an industry professional in this free pet care video .
LraTeWeMSTE double tuck jump is a kung fu exercise beneficial to developing explosive power in legs . learn how to do a kung fu double tuck jump from a black belt kung fu instructor in this free video .
hFlYgR6egEc it 's important to massage the scalp and completely saturate the hair with conditioner before creating dreadlocks . learn some tips for applying conditioner from a professional hairstylist in this free hair video .
g8e9FZQWkMM cook rice in a vegetable stock to increase the flavor of oyster sauce chicken recipes . learn to make rice for oyster sauce chicken with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
ki6_ukeHv5E learn how to play harmonica scales with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
lueDjS05hJQ learn how to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including supplies needed and more .
Pq3Oe7LPeC4 lower-ab toning exercises strengthen only the lower stomach muscles by targeting them through short , held movements . use these exercises to stay healthy and fit . prevent injuries in the future with tips from a professional fitness instructor in this free video .
pNsoaCTsRRs learn why judo is a successful martial art to study in this free martial arts video series from a judo master .
g9ZJ-Y4P7wU improve your bo staff technique by learning how to do the helicopter spin move in this free martial arts video .
h2VKacwXr_w an impact bag helps golfers develop muscle memory and improve their position at impact . practice with a golf impact bag with tips from a master golf instructor in this free video on golf .
pO3Hje4W9PQ learn how to beat egg whites to bake striped christmas cookie rounds in this free baking video .
uRlKeuBNOaE how to do part two of these double lift high hat drum exercises ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
R1K7NT7KcYU learn how to shoot doubles at targets from the high and low house at station two in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
S_8GZRqxYoQ it 's important to know what you need to look for when finding the right acupuncturist for you . learn some tips for selecting an acupuncturist from our medical expert in this free video .
qwsL-QXzei0 a snap can be used instead of velcro when making a homemade wallet . learn how to use a snap when making a wallet from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
uXexjbXR7IA improv games are all about taking risks . learn the improv comedy game kitty wants a corner in this free theater acting video from a teacher of improvisation .
g3BsH_C3u7Y decorate the kisses and wish box with different sizes and colors of cut-out hearts . cut out hearts for a kisses and wish box with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
VXXkeppex3Y when taking a punch , move the head in the same direction as the attack in order to better absorb the power . learn to take a punch effectively with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free combat video .
YwyDKhfH1Mw american sign language is only used in the united states . learn the basics of american sign language in this free education video .
zA4Pl8BbHNg size down a gold ring by cutting out a section of the metal . learn other sizing techniques with tips from a professional jeweler in this free jewelry video .
qubk7_Doe9o pastel paintings need color unity . learn how to unify the colors in your pastel paintings in this free video .
GWDDHTiRehI what are different kinds of jump ropes and what are they used for ? learn how to train for boxing by jumping rope in this free training video on exercises for boxers .
xEWznNJdlgU to treat baggy eyes , massage skin-care products on eyes and drink plenty of water . remove baggy eyes with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about the basics of skin care .
1gpSKSkkuW4 motocross began in europe in the late 1950 's . discover the history of motocross in this free video about riding motocross .
H2xf2jMVKqc book a train ticket from new york to albany by logging onto the amtrak web site to review rates and departure times . purchase travel tickets online from new york to albany with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on train travel .
zRXGDP7A2lU being aware of shoulder position helps improve posture during both when exercising and in daily life . learn proper shoulder posture with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video .
ZOzRCLT8Bls basic motocross gear , or dirt bike gear , includes helmets , jerseys and pants . learn how to choose motocross gear in this free video on buying motocross gear .
NQIgEtSFrtI tourmaline and ceramic flat irons add moisture into the hair and keep it looking shiny and bouncy . choose a flat iron with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
l3-bI-KdUKM a mantra is a sound or phrase repeated aloud over and over again . practice mantra meditation with tips from a registered hatha yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
Gz74Hnij7KY learn tips on how to play 'jingle bells ' on the accordion in this free video series that will have you playing the accordion in no time .
uFzZIBXdQV8 the child 's pose is a wonderful yoga pose for rejuvenating the body . practice this energizing exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
RsDUDVrhVcE collard-picard champagne is a great champagne to pair with white fish . learn more about collard-picard champagne with tips from a wine expert in this free champagne video .
ejbyFTwhzxY how to play i major chords for jazz piano in the key of c major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
Sm2S8mdKKDM when swim training for an off-road triathlon , emphasize rotation by working on distance per stroke ( dps ) to improve gliding and extension . swim train for a triathlon with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
g1z6HOJ0yRw learn some sitting and climbing exercises to do with an undulation rope workout in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
7Tix4nsjHp4 blend papas bravas sauce with a blender , adding water as needed . see how to blend papas bravas sauce using the cooking tips in this free video recipe .
G3bMqicS4bQ learn about the super street car class in nhra racing with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
PYf_GOSp2UE using simple craft supplies , make a dragonfly pin to wear on clothes or in hair . find out the basic dragonfly pin supplies with expert tips from an art teacher in this free kids crafts video .
ZFdVanI7-n0 the rounded rectangle tool in adobe photoshop is used to create a rectangle shape with rounded edges of any size . learn about this adobe photoshop tool and how to use it from a 10 year veteran designer in this free design video .
ZzDUWgnEdJA screen sets are a great option to use because each person is different and although one engineer might like a split screen option between the mix and edit windows another may enjoy toggling between them and using the entire screen for each window . record and edit music easier by setting up specific screen views using tips from an experienced producer and engineer in this free video .
iFxjl2KoUrk detaching an old storm door to install a new storm door includes removing the nails or screws with a reciprocating saw . detach an old storm door using the storm door installation tips in this free video .
pW5UWqJaPY8 hitting a forehand volley in tennis is the easiest way to win a point . win points with forehand tennis volleys with tips from a certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis .
pffEqG4J0fw multiple triangle tangram puzzles are some of the most basic tangram games that require a strategy to solve quickly . learn how to play this chinese shapes game in this free video clip .
UJxBUzcBeCw in photoshop , different colors will produce different effects when tweaking the shape and style of a textual image . learn more about colors when creating caveman text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
Mr1zGRl_s_0 the distributor cap on a car is usually found at the end of the spark plug wires . learn how to remove the distributor cap with tips from a mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
xov6DTatP_Y learn how to color children 's hair with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
mv0-HQtfs_g play , or walk measures five and six in a b major scale for advanced bass guitar ; learn how from our professional bass guitar player and composer in this free music instruction video
Ti3-C0IJTD4 the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 1st degree a minor scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
VeHowuJuvYA learn how to use the myr enforcer artifact creature card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
020lQskSB_k improve your bo staff techniques by learning how to do bo staff moves on your knees in this free martial arts video .
7iGr65u_g8Y learn how to use the mixer to mix the wet ingredients when making traditional challah bread in this free recipe video clip .
rtN1l08CRVA when cleaning toilets , make sure to disinfect the hinges and knobs to prevent bacteria from building up in commonly touched areas . clean hinges and knobs with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
kzTmX2iLIdY to use a paint roller , pick a quality roller with the right texture and nap for the wall that is being painted . roll a paint roller in a criss-cross pattern and then smooth out the paint in parallel strokes with instructions from a remodeling contractor in this free video on home repair and maintenance .
lQD_gUz6PdM learn from a successful gallery owner about website promotion when starting your own art gallery in this free video lesson on the art business .
qCn5xg9K5Yg teaching a dog to stay on a box is a good way to teach the dog to obey for their safety . learn how to teach a dog to stay in this free video on dog training .
nLnSFjntT2Y talking to a girl on the phone is a good skill in the dating world , but text messages can be less awkward when meeting someone new . charm a girl when talking on the phone with dating advice from a female dating coach in this free video on dating tips for guys .
lAunQanmaXQ getting the basics of regular solitaire down is good before playing baroness . learn how to play baroness solitaire in this free gaming video .
G2sD7N53ju8 erasing midi data and recorded data is a regular necessity when editing music in pro tools . erase midi data in pro tools with the click of a mouse as an experienced music producer shows you how in this free video .
lmrW3NnBvTk how to complete curling short hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
lYbMvjb9ILk which peak pro output should you use for recording ? learn how customize the bias peak pro interface in this free computer software tutorial from a musician with a home studio .
rvqiHS_zQfw learn how to draw an advanced cut through objects and shapes , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
nCFRWCICpeY making dreads requires sectioning the hair into small squares , back-combing each section with a fine-toothed comb and rolling each dread to form the traditional cylindrical shape . tie off the ends of dreads to prevent unraveling with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
pFgyyy0HVM0 women can look good and dress comfortably by wearing sandals instead of sneakers with a pair of jeans , while traveling . learn to dress comfortably without sacrificing style with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
DBNrBFIQ2Ro learn how to frost and serve a yule log recipe in this free cooking video on making a yule log dessert recipe for christmas or other holidays .
1TJirTK3nIQ gliding on one foot is an important ice skating skill . learn how to do a one-foot glide in this free ice skating video lesson for beginning ice skaters .
pBZz83KeLQs if your horse is a kicker you may want to avoid the bear claw horse stretch . learn more about the bear claw horse stretch with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
SAA-GZtBkHY learn how to clean a pair of men 's shoes with leather shampoo and how to dye the edges before shining the shoes in this free footwear care and repair video by expert shoe doctor .
G1z1RB3pOKM map out a quilt before you begin sewing . learn how to determine number of rows for a rag denim quilt in this free quilting lesson from an expert quilter and sewing class instructor .
b3NddcgzeU0 create interest on your modeling clay bowl with knobs . learn how to add knobs in this free art lesson video .
M8YavM6b7wk the flip flap is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
q9qs70HQKYM learn how to clear the walls to paint your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
jJSGRYm_jkI learn tips and advice on how to properly texturize a man 's hair with a razor with the expert tips in this free hair cutting video clip .
OWdEhUqezrs get a walkthrough of guard on patrol in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
h04oX5qhBCY a police officer needs to have great communication skills and maintain good physical fitness . get police officer career tips from an experienced police officer in this free law enforcement career video .
ibuR0kesqBM types of clasps you 'll need to make rock and gemstone jewelry ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
G3EfBFwsOpE learn how to make a reverse lay-up with expert basketball tips in this free online sports instruction video clip .
u0mLR5wqmMg learn how to properly test , practice and prepare a stamp for stamping in order to achieve the perfect stamping design and results in this free video series .
cpZmTRnrmIE how to install a waistband on a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
_fZbAxSSbX4 double end bags are intended to teach boxers rhythm . learn about practicing boxing techniques , punches , and jabs on a double end bag in this free training video on basics for boxers .
mZPWr_0XEe8 auto mechanic share his techniques . learn about placement of your jack stands to change rear differential fluid in this free car repair video from an expert auto mechanic .
xegfBZb6klo prep clay for a ceramic sake set by placing a large mound of clay on the potter 's wheel . learn to prep clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
uQREpLiAYb8 three clips hold automotive carpet in place and can be removed by hand or special tool . figure out which car rug removal method is easier with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
HJDfL7Og9Rc how to use help files in microsoft excel ; learn more about spreadsheet software in this free instructional video .
I1TwYZYcW48 when you buy a dog , it 's important to take your personal lifestyle into account . learn how to match your life to the right dog with expert tips in this free pet care video .
sYdiQCHlnlw the home access brand of hiv test is the only home test approved by the fda . learn about different types of at-home hiv tests in this free health video on the human immunodeficiency virus from a certified medical assistant .
G0Xp4Wj4PrY bicycle spokes can freeze due to prolonged use in extreme weather conditions . learn to oil the spokes of your bike properly with expert tips in this free sports video .
M83KkN94tiY learn about going from three to two mountain bike chain rings in this free bike care and maintenance video series .
g1ccEYTMGGY find jeans for different body types by researching on the internet for various brands and styles . buy jeans for different body types with tips from an image consultant in this free video on jeans .
g3UE1iPiyuE bathmats can be hazardous as bacteria can collect underneath them . clean and disinfect bathmats with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
eD3wD9T0-w0 learn how to iron a wedding dress with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes ironing video clip .
h_GGjLJtddg the double hand push tai chi exercise is one that focuses on energy transferring through pushing and pulling with both arms . learn tips on how to practice this tai chi exercise from an expert in this free video clip .
FchsjlcXbbY making an indian snack food , such as a cutlet . learn the recipe for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
qThkcqTI65I the phrygian mode is a scale that begins on the third note of any major scale . play the phrygian mode in any scale easily on a saxophone with tips and details from an experienced music instructor in this free video saxophone lesson .
QCaGHtC7lio learn how to manage your health club better by instituting good programs with good instructors , examine your demographics and your guests to provide better service with expert health club management advice in this free online management video clip .
R9xLgZFc8m0 removing and installing a radiator requires tools such as a socket set , a funnel , and more . find out what tools you will need to replace your radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
g1xdqxCZxTg the ca area 151 is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
Td00m1jcll4 learn how to find the broken part causing your toilet to run in this free do it yourself bathroom plumbing repair video .
sMfNjKFL-Xw learn how to brown the vegetarian stir fry and then add the sauce to this easy dish in this free cooking video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
WfBOl3M9-qc make scary face paintings ! learn how to paint a skull and crossbones with face paints in this free video about easy face painting designs .
QJxR2Hch024 teach your favorite children 's songs and motions ; learn the lyrics and the hand gestures for `` rickity tickity '' in this free children 's rhyme video from an expert on playtime for kids .
FZikACPeYpg learn a side stretch exercise with small weights for your pilates routine in this free exercise video .
SzKDHVBWIm8 midi velocity is simply a setting of the amount of attack a given sound is set to have for a piece of midi information . create new music and edit digital sounds using tips on midi information from an experienced music engineer and producer in this free video .
DW9vhuIhQgw kimoras can be used in jiu-jitsu and judo , and involve bringing an opponent 's arm up and behind their back . discover how to do a kimora move with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
OsFeh7nvHoE if you keep your stencils simple then you can use them for a variety of different designs . learn how to make and use airbrush stencils in this free hobby video .
_RZX_F3nttQ find out about picking the colors you will need for home screen printing in this free video clip on fashion tips .
03tyDuBcA-Y committing to the flop is a good idea in certain situations , especially when the odds are in your favor . find out when to bet on the flop with helpful information from an experienced card player in this free video on poker tournament strategies .
6pUPvfVLCfk learn how to make and create a henna design door hanger for the home in this free crafts video on making henna art designs for wood and paper .
R2_8AM4-zv4 burnt sienna and burnt umber paint is great for painting twigs in a snowscape painting . learn how to paint twigs and rock detail in a snowscape watercolor painting in this free video .
TXtnHv0Ojxo how to lather with soap when washing your hands in this free personal health video series .
QF9sOqVImqE watch and learn how to do what is called a counter arc movement in barrel racing in this free instructional video on horse riding and rodeo barrel racing .
ifA8Hc0b6j4 in djembe repair , space ring knots equal distance apart . space ring knots on djembe drum using the djembe repair tips in this free video .
oaaeuZHF7Fs for creamy tomato shrimp risotto , simmer shrimp shells in order to flavor the celery and carrots . simmer shrimp shells for creamy tomato shrimp risotto with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
3s2eKhka0_I when playing the swing groove ten drum beat , make sure to emphasize the beats on the and of one as well as the and of four . learn more about the swing groove ten drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
t0byBNUK7JQ in aikido the mune tsuki waza move is a head punch . learn how to defect this and use iriminage to take your opponent down in this free video clip from an aikido expert .
-cZT6_CrLDc valentine 's day is all about love . get tips for making a beautiful valentine scrapbook for your sweetheart in this free video clip about easy scrapbooking ideas .
18zi3gBtys4 learn regular solitaire before trying aces up . learn how to play aces up solitaire in this free gaming video .
7pg7dzKnpwE compressing the base of ceramic sake cups prevents the formation of s cracks . learn to compress clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
2N7-nXmdvJ8 make your own unique earrings ! learn how to string beads on an earring headpin this free video clip about making jewelry with beads .
g27MVuMkWs4 to view lyrics on an ipod , turn itunes on , choose a song , enter the lyrics in the lyrics tab , sync the ipod , play the song on the ipod and use the scrubber to get the lyrics that were entered in itunes . song lyrics can be cut and pasted into itunes from many web sites with tips from a computer consultant in this free video on technology .
XDoNzNLNKvM learn what the false touch attack move is in sabre fencing and how to do a false touch attack in this free how to video lesson on sabre fencing attacks .
A0t4l34KGAw supplies for drawing superhero figures include felt pens with fine tips for detail work and smudge pencils to create a blur effect . learn about supplies needed for drawing superhero figures in this free video on comic illustration from an experienced graphic illustrator .
RXvXvPDCuWo posting blogs on your myspace page can be fun and easy , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
HhLXyAn4w3Y in kung fu , the double palm block and reverse punch is an excellent fighting maneuver to utilize against an opponent 's round kick . learn to perform this blocking technique and counter attack from a kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
zvu9sJ8LYOE work the chest , anterior deltoid , triceps and shoulder muscles with push ups . learn how to do circuit training push ups in this free workout video from a certified personal trainer .
aHNOvXyr2Zg using glass containers to store dry foods is a great way to keep organized and save space . learn how to organize and store dry foods in your kitchen with expert tips in this free home organization video .
-dncndBoNoc your core is vital in any workout . learn some great tips on how to stay centered during your upper body workouts in this free video .
8kAWy2YodzQ the ukulele , like any instrument , needs to be in tune before you begin playing . learn all about ukulele tuning with tips tips from a ukulele player in this free music lesson video .
B2CJSZmk5Ag add muscle mass quickly , through plenty of exercise . put on muscle mass fast with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
wmjGz4PS6sI body language in public speeches makes a big impression on an audience . maintain good posture and body language for speeches with tips from a communications specialist in this free public speaking video .
JPRyq2VRFrg camisoles are a great piece of clothing to have for a woman 's business wardrobe . learn about how pick out camisoles for work with tips from a fashion stylist in this free women 's clothing video .
LJkeN-XN2go learn how to balance the pitch in this free video series that will show you everything you need to know about playing the bagpipe .
MW7BK69kyL8 how close to the ocean should your sandcastle be ? learn the best location on the beach for a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
6QGK7zGBRPo visit your surgeon after breast reductions to treat scars and pain . learn about breast reduction post op from an accomplished plastic surgeon in this free cosmetic surgery video .
HNeu0QBm3n4 navigate underwater when scuba diving by using a compass with the north arrow pointing between the double notch . use the lubber line of a compass to move in different directions when underwater , with help from a scuba instructor in this free video on scuba diving .
wnGOcSu5MuI torque screwdrivers and their functions at home are discussed in this free educational video series .
7B5b9QhqamQ sterile soil can help keep away damping-off in hoop house growing . learn to use hoop houses to protect greens from damping-off from an organic farmer in this free gardening video .
ZyBCZ3gsYzE in basketball , defend against the lay up by shuffling the feet and staying close to the offensive opponent . defend against the lay up with tips from an experienced basketball player in this free video on basketball defense .
GfDpVYpQdDk when filing for a restraining order , call the police for important information and assistance in order to safely protect you or your family . get legal protection from dangerous groups or individuals with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
hCtke-LB3ec get tips on what to do after a vertical and curved line combination in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
J7i2q9wAQpU eat healthy with yam chips ! learn about avoiding junk food , as well as tips for making healthy dieting snacks like yam chips .
Mm4m5LyCmco iron out the stubborn wrinkles . learn tips for smoothing difficult wrinkles while ironing a men 's suit in this free clothing care video from a wardrobe professional .
gOTKzd6Fwl0 how to play riff 22 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
nmP-kUChMJQ learn about the parts of the helmet and how to put it on correctly in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable mountain biker .
LX8Q8McD3QI before you begin sewing a handmade apron it is important to inspect the apron material . learn how to check apron material with expert tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
Q7RNV9rp3U8 manual vs automatic aperture settings ; learn how to use camera lenses for manual and digital cameras in this free video on photography and camera ownership .
qmaU3m5vq44 learn from our black belt expert how to do a hook kick to prepare for a 720 kick , in this free martial arts video on practicing and doing 720 kicks .
Tve5NobcrZQ using a dumbbell free weight , work the triceps with press exercises . learn to do triceps presses with expert tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
T85yPKaID_E learn how to stamp love for an embossed valentine 's day card with expert tips on valentine 's day crafts in this free video .
jcVqlAgRmYs the spot feature in pro tools can be used to move around notes and verses of audio tracks . find out how to use the spot basic editing feature of pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
raalti55igw learn about what special features you can use on a newly modded xbox and get expert tips and advice on soft modding a xbox in this free computer gaming video clip .
G0zQm6X8uiQ do n't forget about your eyebrows . learn tips for applying shadow to eyebrows in this free video clip about how to apply day time makeup .
naM_0k3Tx28 when a partner recognizes the signs of an abusive relationship , it is time to get out . learn to recognize and get out of an abusive relationship with tips from a relationship author and talk show host in this free video on relationships .
-JkC7Hyb8Vk install windows on linux by using a computer program called wine or through the internet . install windows on linux with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
yErbBgFX8OA the yoga child position is great to work the back and butt muscles . learn tips on how to do this pose correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
KN10RElRqBA sanding a wood turning project on a lathe uses sandpapers of varying grits , up to 400 , to refine the finish . use high-grit sandpaper on a lathe with an experienced wood turner in this free video on wood working .
gg0TVhIqroM learn how to place the accessories for a christmas dinner party in this free holiday etiquette video from a catering expert .
vw2P06qacRE what movie would you like to see ? i do n't know , what 's playing ? learn how to do sign language around the town in this free education video .
H3d28Q_6PaY how to play chorus 1 , lick 15 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
nXiC5icKbWI lateral stepping exercises can build strength and control in the feet and ankles . learn how to do lateral , or side-to-side , stepping exercises in this free functional movement and injury prevention workout video .
6BOuQAzv3l4 begin to assemble the parts of your africa-themed decorative pillow project ; all this and more in this free online educational series of arts and crafts videos taught by design expert denise robinson .
XihSMPV6Xu0 looking for self defense training ? learn how to strike against a bear hug in this free video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
g3pXM5X3_Xw proper tool preparation will make your ceramic charger plate easier and cleaner to work with . learn how to prepare your clay tools with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
RaQi70bLtn8 be sure to paint pottery with puff paint first . learn about artwork , painting , and creativity when working with ceramics or clay .
_ZbpBsCOe7o learn how to pat your underclothes down for a halloween mummy costume to avoid wrinkles before wrapping bandages in this free costume video .
LgWnp3dgyYY how do you know if you have food poisoning ? learn about symptoms of food poisoning in this poison prevention video from a medical professional .
DXTLmXM40pY when watercolor painting an orchid , use a large clean brush and yellow paint to begin the designing the flowers . learn more about using a large brush when watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
iT-Fi_L38Zo file a mechanics lien , before hiring an attorney , by heading down to the local court office for important information and tips on filing out the necessary paperwork . get assistance from the country clerk and resolve a legal issue with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
pXFAjDOeA1M in pro tools , users can change interface devices in the preferences menu . learn how to adjust preference settings in pro tools in this free music recording software video from a professional musician .
tRLyafYJmoE to select face makeup that compliments african american skin tone , try it out on the skin and not just the hand , start application around the jawline and nose and look at the color . select face makeup that compliments african american skin tone with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on beauty and personal care .
GdnMMOufRjY to perform a big pigeon vinyasa yoga pose variation , place the hip in line with the back knee to make it symmetrical . perform big pigeon variation stretches with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
MBV8SmRu68g use sinker in ice fishing to get minnow or night crawler down to specified fishing depth . learn how to set up your fishing line in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
pFo4A8EyU3A engaging core muscles makes side-lying core exercises more effective . learn more about engaging core muscles for side-lying core exercises with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
HgwMHei93cA tangling legs in a judo match forces the referee to break a hold after five seconds and make each opponent get back up on the ground . escape a pin in judo by tangling up the legs with tips from a martial arts specialist in this free video on karate .
EhRp5mfUP_M cuddle turn bachata dance steps are a variation on the basic turn . learn how to do cuddle turns in bachata dancing with tips from a professional dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
hnKzsPtfx9Y prepping a custom surfboard requires more care when glassing . prepare a custom surfboard for glassing with tips from a surfboard repair specialist in this free video on surfboards .
p02vYhFziXw understand the eating habits of a new pet turtles . new pet turtles may not eat for a few days . learn more about turtle eating habits with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
MszCRfpl3XI the back and forth dragon stretch in zen yoga challenges the knee joint , hip joint and ankle joint . learn more about the back and forth dragon stretch in zen yoga with tips from the founder of zen yoga in this free yoga lesson video .
w3DmvwZVb5Q learn how to read and correctly apply a microwave 's owner 's manual to the process of cleaning the microwave in this free how-to video on cleaning a microwave .
AkDFCSW0WFc cutting acrylic plastic requires a fine-tooth handsaw or skill saw , and some cutting may melt the edge of the acrylic as sawing tends to build heat . sand and refine acrylic plastic after cutting with a fine-tooth saw with instruction from an experienced builder in this free video on carpentry .
-uprU5_8jhs mixing gasoline and oil manually depends on a snowblower 's engine cycle . mix gasoline and oil properly for a snowblower with expert tips in this free video on snowblower maintenance .
_ubFGgKWaeg determining the download speed of a cable internet connecting involves going to a website and following the instructions . find out the speed of a cable internet connection with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computer networking .
pl4PtJ1geCY get tips on creating your own individual style when playing the didgeridoo in this free music lesson video from a professional musician and exotic instrument expert .
bVJ5l_x1xdk draw the mouth , window to the stomach ; learn how to draw mouths on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
vzkUWNcZgFw when writing punch lines to jokes know who the punch lines are for and who will be telling them . write punch lines for specific comedians with tips in this free video on comedy writing from an experienced entertainment writer .
fSCooyBmxnY siteswap patterns with three balls will help prepare you for juggling four balls . learn how to use three ball siteswaps to prepare for four ball juggling in this free hobby video .
1gKzPorIsAA in math , an indirect proportion is when an increase in one quantity results in a decrease in another quantity . solve indirect proportion math problems with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
4asGbZrzvmg parry like a renaissance fencer ; learn how to lateral parry in this free video on defense in foil fencing .
jd7uLOZiK-4 the stack in `` magic the gathering '' is the rule that trips up new players and handles the many effects and instants on one turn . learn `` magic the gathering '' rules for stack timing from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
bMbtUZ549PM learn about the basic rules and strategies of 'reach for the top ' paintball game anywhere in the world in this free video clip .
xPwTi0vIJPQ want to add color to your face ? learn tips about applying blush on african american skin in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
oAuQBiImXss learn how to fold socks in a suitcase to maximize space in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
E_aApTf__Mk painting a duck decoy is an important step in the sculpture process ; learn to sculpt a duck decoy from clay in this free video art lesson .
r0LuEVUViAo want the perfect monologue ? get tips for picking the best authors for a monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
lCggOJPC9K8 learn what ticks are in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
ZMvEDWBahKs do a grip press while laying close to strengthen the triceps . learn how to work out the triceps in this free training video on upper arm exercises .
hM7pUi29EXw finish up the final sewing on your homemade wallet . learn how to sew the final pieces of a wallet together from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
G0peUY2cfeE roll out some clay for a cup handle , score it , and attach it to the pinch pot cup . learn how to attach a handle to a pinch pot in this free ceramics video .
h0HsjGpBr8s becoming a master gardener requires attending a master gardening program sponsored by the local state extension service , usually comprising of one class per week for three months . get certified as a master gardener with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
NqBmZ_FNVfc bearded dragons like live food so you must be comfortable feeding live crickets or worms to your reptiles . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
MUOccGkN07o full back rolls in yoga can be adjusted for anyone with back pain to be more effective and less strenuous . learn how to do the full back roll yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
za3Bdm8n2ks trimming a belly cast can clean it up and make it easier to display ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
ddKuYvQXsTs to install a quill stem for your bike , begin by applying grease to the inside of the steer tube . install a quill stem with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
Ie44ViaoIC4 a snowboard base can shrink if it gets too dry . keep a snowboard in top shape with the tips in this free snowboarding video from a snowboard tech .
pTEMVKjtWl4 learn how to pick the right detergent and softener when doing laundry , in this free video on clothing care and housekeeping tips .
P5Z0dreJksw play r & b drum shuffles with sixteenth note triplet partials with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
EBFgSx1yLpw how to play chorus 1 , lick 17 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
qFD8WRMOtbs get an introduction to headaches , signs and symptoms and the different kinds of treatment available with expert medical tips in this free online headache relief video clip .
Oqyp5T46m64 when removing a tick , grab its head with a pair of tweezers . prepare for a camping trip by watching this free first-aid video from a professional fireman .
i6k085jFToY the yoga mountain position with a yoga ball is a great standing yoga position . learn tips on how to do this exercise from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
jdlpIPybQ3U learn about the structure of the lyrics in the bridge of a country song with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
AyspRcMLiV8 learn how to properly hold and handle a finishing sander in this free educational video series .
_t6hYFljOck windows mail on microsoft vista can be found under 'all programs . ' use windows mail on microsoft vista with tips from a software developer in this free video on computer training .
OTy9gMBD43o learn how to reinstall the wheel after changing the front brake pads with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
zEw9qnwBE8s opening up the split ring , pulling the loop through and attaching the charm to the bracelet is an easy way to add a dangling accessory to your gothic bracelet . learn more in this free video series .
0ggRfMOyMoQ learn how to make lemon zest pizzelles , a gourmet italian dessert , in this free easy dessert recipe on video .
YmaVJQ2LRAE do a check on the placement of the solar panel to make sure that it fits . learn how to recheck solar panel placement from a professional in this free energy conservation video .
X6oFgP3Xnqs before a snake starts to shed its skin , their color becomes dull , and their eyes turn a bluish hue ; then , a snake begins shedding its skin by rubbing a nose against something hard . find out more about how snake skin rolls off the body during shedding with this free video on snakes from a reptile specialist .
71DceBB6Emk when attempting to expunge a shoplifting charge from a permanent record , do not use an internet service and try to hire a criminal lawyer . expunge a shoplifting charge from your permanent record and check the criminal records department with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
aGkAmObMl3M build your own bat house with these directions and plans . learn how to build a bat house frame in this free bat conservation video .
GtPF8mYVVzQ when you get a scratch or battle style mixer , you 're going to have two channel faders . learn about scratch dj equipment , like mixers , from a professional musician and music teacher in this free hip hop video .
jqcWvdpSZ1M what are your trying to say in your art ? learn how to analyze creative thinking in paintings in this free art appreciation video from an art instructor .
7JlMzC9kzAU legal assistant requirements vary from state-to-state and the position is typically run as an apprentice industry , in which individuals learn on the job about how to do the job . find out about the education and experience suggested for becoming a legal assistant with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
MFpcPXqd5po voicing expectations and having open communication about goals and needs is important for relationships . learn to recognize relationship problems like undefined expectations from a communications expert in this free relationship video .
jmFkwk7wmPo learn about the different uses for a walkout basement and more useful tips in this free home improvement video .
XyXuJBzG7NM stuffed vegetable recipes are both easy and delicious . our expert will show you how to remove stuffed tomatoes from the pan in this free recipe video .
G1nq4fYZiyQ blocks are used in yoga to help stabilize poses and offer support for bends or sits . practice yoga with blocks mindfully with an instructor in this free yoga video lesson .
Rn5UajzOnPA how to set up various types of computers with a secure wireless internet connection ; learn about online security in this free instructional video .
jTVMpoy8hvM playing singles , doubles and paradiddle drum beats are great drum practice exercises to improve hand speed . play flawless paradiddle drum beat grooves with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video .
kfCw9Jr8NUE there is no official rating system for swim goggles but different goggles can be rated for indoor or outdoor swimming . find swimming goggles with higher quality materials using insight from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
mh3_mHneK6g what is the most important thing that running backs in american football should always be doing ? find out in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
-vdqDU-T0ew the best outdoor , cool baby toys ! learn all about baby toys that are great for outdoors in this free video clip on baby safety and baby learning toys .
K2wiEv-8Q7w learn how to improve your cheerleading stunt abilities with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading stunts .
UULtlAzsGy0 how to mash black beans for making cuban black bean soup ; learn more about traditional cuban and latin american food in this free cooking video .
etQen7C6Jf4 get a walkthrough of the courtyard in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
k2UX32PLy6w installing the intake duct on your engine requires slipping the ductwork over the throttle body . learn how to install the intake duct on your engine in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
F_4UZ3bGMP8 growing rudbeckia plants requires a good deal of hot sun and plenty of good drainage for water . start a rudbeckia plant in the winter or anytime of year with advice from a gardening specialist in this free video on plant and flower care .
h0gdhmMkunc using your hands as weapons is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and body conditioning in this free video .
ReQ61ittZHE learn what to do when contact lenses fall of the fingertip in this free eye care video .
yTbP2dYWSHk pinecones burn quickly and are easy to light when trying to start a fire . learn how to find and use pinecones for wilderness survival in this free outdoors video .
88ndyowPR0U fire a clay bird bath before mounting or adding water ; learn to sculpt a bird bath from clay in this free video art lesson .
lARDs5p5tyA the california rattle snake is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
vzsIDDzuRqA looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play `` house '' improv comedy game in this free video on comedy acting .
HfjHHuqF7-s live food is any plant that is still living when you eat it . learn about the benefits of live foods with tips from an organic gardener in this free raw food video .
9GKdRdPfhUI learn how to make an americano coffee drink at home with expert tips in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee drinks .
YiuOubAw-Z0 learn how to plate a gourmet coffee cake recipe , once the baking is finished in this free baking video on gourmet desserts and recipes .
5q0MR9SLSP4 what are improv games and how do you play them ? learn how to play improv games in this free video on theatre acting .
P86AOiWYxVA this yoga pose involves a sideways-facing forward bend . learn more about cleansing your internal organs with yoga twists in this free fitness lesson from an anusara yoga instructor .
HlStjuqgwKg there are many different web browsers including internet explorer and one should be set to be the default browser that is opened when the computer must search for something automatically online . set internet explorer as the default browser with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
ZzmqrXPD2AU passing and catching drills in basketball practice teach muscle memory and offensive strategy to players . watch a basketball coach set up a passing and catching drill in this free video series on basketball offense .
6v4c0e1IKlA learn a full magic routine with many tricks specifically designed for the dinner table in this free magic lesson video .
hK0jBWEejLQ diet is important for your sand boa constrictor . learn about what sand boas eat with expert tips on owning snakes in this free exotic pet care video .
unciMyGpNs8 base cream sets and holds your makeup . learn how to apply base cream before foundation in this free makeup video about stage makeup techniques .
t5Qz99LrUAM defending against a hook punch in aikido is a bit tricky but my using and adjusting your center line you can take back control from your opponent . learn this ancient aikido self defense move from a martial arts expert in this free video clip and be prepared .
AJzyPPxXFLM cook chicken for dinner ! learn about chicken recipes in this free video clip about chicken kiev recipes .
Qgo1SEz2dKM the hang check of the sail is important to be sure you have the proper curvature and the wind enters and exits the sail properly . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
r4aREN8f8ZE to draw breasts , study the anatomy of the underlying muscles and fatty tissue , use formal proportions to render it in the correct place on the body and use subtle shading to sculpt its rounded shape . sketch out breasts , using a louvre crayon for sensitive shadows , with a demonstration from an experienced artist and art supply store employee in this free video on drawing .
n931nxX1wco the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a creative pop-up birthday card from scratch in this free video .
yLe3GhfSRNA learn the uttanasana pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
dbrr3YKFIOw learn tips for finishing ironing pillowcases from an ironing expert in this free laundry care video .
KUJXwlgNFrQ calling obvious shots in billiards is easy with these tips , get expert advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
IedHeeaYr9Y finding a screenplay agent is difficult and involves writing a great script that starts a bidding war , or getting an agent to notice one done by a smaller production company . utilize smaller companies to generate buzz about a script and inspire interest from screenplay agents with ideas from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
04XMDTHD5bg learn how to add art to your cozy corner by watching these free home decor videos from our budget interior design expert .
X45YRoGZRsA study drawings of the facial bone structure to help in drawing anyone 's face . learn about the human facial bone structure with expert tips from an artist in this free drawing video .
VDLHYYidyR0 get instructions and demonstration for preparing guajillo chilies for adding to the pozole ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about ethnic food taught by an expert in traditional mexican cuisine .
ZSaptEhllFo each car insurance company differs in how they calculate premiums and discounts . learn what considerations car insurance carriers use to qualify drivers for discounts in this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
RD9zfLR28IA the pay for being a model will vary depending on the market , but can be anywhere from $ 150 an hour to $ 4,000 a day . model for catalogs , billboards or magazines and get paid more as a portfolio is built , with tips from the director of a modeling academy in this free video on modeling .
Q53yRz3jrao learn how to connect the wiring on your new fog lights with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
GtmYFI0ImQ0 reason 4 has many preferences such as the cpu usage limits that can be altered to the capabilities of the computer being used . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
Ye7l9uOd_M8 select clothing colors that complement blonde hair and light eyes by picking outfits with neutral colors and different types of brown . wear clothes that accentuate your features to create a unique and fashionable look with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
hKn1YBv6xWE medicine ball back-to-back passing techniques . learn about medicine ball exercises for boxers in this free boxing workout video .
fRzyqp7sVc8 smoothing the clay is important before firing a piece ; learn to sculpt a bird bath from clay in this free video art lesson .
Nyca3YfWBQw overhead shoulder presses with an anterior pull-in work three sections of the rotator cuff , the front , the middle and the back of the shoulder . add an anterior pull-in to an overhead shoulder press with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
o50p5PR6ymU a flying jump in modern dance requires a strong core to balance in the air . see a flying jump with tips from a professional dancer in this free modern dance video .
TJd2kqywpg0 learn how to do the side crane yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
Mb58gXd7uMg get an explanation on how to play the fourteenth variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
i2vkjRuo04g one of the big breakdowns in romantic relationships is a lack of communication . learn about communication in romantic relationships from a professional speaker and instructor in this free relationships video .
VJXn2Eo2PSs before performing a grind on a skateboard , place the board in the grind position on the quarter pipe to become familiar with the coping . practice grinding on a skateboard with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
Jsv95DYxHzg when attempting to date a gemini woman , understand that they need intellectual stimulation and good communication . date a gemini with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
nEU0FXpDOvM warm up your whole arm with arm rotations . learn how to do arm rotations for warming up in this free basketball video .
zBkG-I-ZK38 different types of hookahs can be made from glass , crystal and other materials . explore different types of hookahs with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
OXscAPghFc4 learn about fertilizing house plants in this free video clip about plant care .
zyFfRwCAjFA learn how to wear corsets and other gothic clothing to create a goth women 's look with expert makeup tips in this free goth fashion video clip .
RrNoCu21XY4 learn about changing the filter for your ice and water dispenser in this free home appliance video .
cIQk4_E5m7o antonín leopold dvorak was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
jrHqWR0AWLo learn how to cut and work with rawhide leather in this free video series about leather working and its various techniques .
Mva_MUJI5eI the bb7 chord for the saxophone can be sounded four different ways . form the bb7 chord from the notes of saxophone scales with the playing tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
DulbdnyOF-A spark plugs in a car engine work by igniting the gas inside the cylinder . learn more about the function of spark plugs with tips from a mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
PKnTcJNaqMY learn how to make a clay figurine fruit for a tree with children in this free online instructional arts and crafts video .
Zl65iSa4ukM making a baseball bat is done on a lathe with ash or hard-rock maple wood . carve a baseball bat with tips from a professional baseball instructor in this free video on baseball .
jaU-dI_GwL4 get tips for teaching four and five year olds about germs with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
uPJ6hMgakoc learn how to use the geth 's grimoire artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
oNGL4r-Awhw watch as an expert bachelor explains the rules for attracting women in this free online video filled with romance advice .
34z6SUycxKU tips for creating balloon forms . learn how to make balloon heart in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
pKf7fQXrVHg a double vanilla latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
FzMychBC6Xc so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the support items available to you .
KfnkTX94aOY techniques to dice apple , carrots and celery to enhance the flavor of your stuffed turkey recipe ; learn this and more in this free cooking video taught by expert chef donno .
EZAGB_afqrs funk guitar is all about the rhythm and is fun to play . learn how to play a funk rhythm for rock or funk music in this free video clip on musical instruments .
hJulvYhaM7A learn how to do the basic underarm turn with a partner for dancing the waltz in this free instructional dance video .
nsycc08E9IQ claustrophobia anxiety can be treated with relaxation techniques . find ways to treat claustrophobia from a social worker in this free overcoming phobia video .
pg4VnhSxd30 to bridle a horse , practice getting a horse to open its mouth , attaching the nose band and securing the throat latch . bridle a horse with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
vkI7Kx52dhU how to train your ear to hear more harmonies to better harmonize on the piano ; learn this and more in this free online piano lesson series taught by expert pianist and professional musician tony newton .
n5VMoU1m2SQ exploring strobe flashes ; learn about and how to use professional photography equipment in this free video on being a pro photographer .
pZSN7g2zxEc activities in hippotherapy include a simple walk on a horse , utilizing the gait and movement of the hips . learn about hippotherapy activities with expert tips from an occupational therapist in this free medical treatment video .
PJX_Zh4mk1U sell a junk car in indiana by removing personal items and license plates from the vehicle , finding a junkyard business to purchase the car and obtaining a valid title for the car . sell a junk car , towing inoperable cars to the junkyard , with help from the manager of a junkyard in this free video on selling cars .
wvASDh0WdEk increase stability and leg strength during yoga by practicing the standing mountain pose . learn more about the standing mountain pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
GxkICAM1cqg learn about health concerns of drinking absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
NoRVe8d_VOU how and when to add sesame and oil when making korean kimchi and rice ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
lf7wketW838 learn from an expert cook how to add stock to stuffed mirlitons in this free cooking video on making louisiana stuffed mirlitons .
J80e3eBXTgQ in chair yoga for seniors , performing the corpse pose is a great way to relieve stress when finishing a yoga routine . practice the corpse pose with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on chair yoga .
HCCoAMuUGFQ line variations can be achieved with an intaglio burin by using varied pressure . learn about burin line variations with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
ZbKGpONS5HI see a demonstration of `` a simple twist of fate '' on the mandolin in this free video music lesson .
SMuyz86FZko massage therapy can be performed to relieve the symptoms of elbow tendinitis . discover massage techniques to treat tendinitis with help from a massage therapist in this free video on elbow tendinitis massage .
3J6Sz_vqDio shadow boxing can increase a boxer 's speed and accuracy . shadow box to gain speed and accuracy using the boxing tips in this free video on shadow boxing .
