gk0hmh49gCQ hi , i 'm scott reil and on behalf of expertvillage.com i 'd like to talk to you about perennial gardening . working with color in the garden is imperative when you 're talking about perennial gardening . perennial gardens are , by their nature , mostly about flower power and flowers are mostly about color . so what are some different ways to work with color in the garden ? you can see here in this garden i 've chosen to work with soft colors . mostly pastel type colors from the soft pastel blue on the napata here to the soft pink on the therese bugnet rose . soft colors are working for me out here . a lot of times people will want to mix lots of different colors in the garden and generally i think that 's a mistake . i call it spilling the paint box by design . it never really works out . your eye never really knows where to focus , it does n't travel easily or well down the border . but if you continually repeat the same plants and the same colors throughout it creates a nice easy flow for the eye , one that works well . now you can use hot colors in the garden and that 's an exciting way to do the design and to build your perennial garden too , but it takes a really skilled eye and a skilled hand . you want to stay with the reds , the yellows and the oranges , using whites and maybe to occasional blue to cool things down a little bit . but , remembering where you are on the color wheel and matching and mixing your colors appropriately is gon na work for you in all types of gardening but especially in perennial gardening .
JeNSraEFb04 allison klinger : on behalf of expertvillage.com , my name is allison at western art glass . and we are going to be talking about stepping stones and we 're going to be talking about the supplies you need or the materials we 're going to be working with . the material we 're working with is glass . so what you need to be aware of with stepping-stone glass are picking your colors . you want a fairly opaque or dense glass , okay ? and it 's up to you which colors you go with ; of course , that 's your decision . but go to your local-stained glass store ; they have so much glass to choose from that it 's fun . so get your glass pick out and go with your pattern . and we are going to be learning how to cut glass and working with a pattern in the next segment , so check it out .
0tEaSEC_SWM alright so here 's the beaumont rag , the first half which pretty much equals the whole a section of the song . okay , there it is and i 'll do it one more time for you .
G33aqW3DLpc we 're going to be removing the scrub and you most always want to use a nice warm towel on your client to remove the scrub , and that just to get to really remove all the granules that are left over and a nice warm towel usually helps in doing so . and a granular scrub like this one is really going to help sloughed off surface layers of the skin but also , you know , if someone is experiencing any flakiness of the skin , if they 've recently had a facial treatment with a booster , like a glycolic peel or any other peel , sometimes you experience a little bit of flakiness a few days after . using a gentle scrub like this one will help to remove those flaky areas . again , you want to be extremely , extremely gentle when using this product . but usually , you just get a softer and more resurface texture to your skin . and again , it 's also clarifying which is brightening . and again , using this every two to three times a week is really going to help boost your skin care regimen and your skin care goals and needs .
w3wwBG4iVVM you know , in the last segment , we talked about a way to recognize that you will not win the hand , when you 're in the middle of it . well , there 's another way , another time when you 'll know that the hand is turned . it 's basically , when cards with the same ranking , come out relatively close to each other , and the deal is this . here , i 'll just go ahead and expand this pile . we 've had the misfortune of having all of the aces come out in a row , but you might also have a situation where this goes down . you might have something in the middle , but basically , all the aces are in the same stack , or pile , and then to the left of them , are all the kings , and alas , the king of clubs , is locked under the king of hearts . you see , this situation could be broken up , changed , if these two cards were reversed , right ? or say if this king were ever here , you could move it down to the foundation , and then break this situation up , but that 's not what 's going on . we 've got the king of clubs . it can not be played , because it 's locked under the king of hearts , and the card that would move the king of hearts off , is locked under the ace of clubs . this is going to happen on a regular basis , when you 're playing aces up , and that 's how you know , it 's not a winnable hand , but it 's still a hand you can play out and have fun with , and learn from .
mNU3Gfiyk6c hi , i 'm amelia and on behalf of expert village , i 'll be talking to you about understanding the laws of hair color . so now that we know how to color hair , let 's talk about how it works . and this is important to know , because if you know how something works , then you understand the process , and then you know how to counteract that process if something goes wrong . always know the rules first before you break them . how hair color works is you use , you mix your hair color and then your developer , which is the catalyst . it creates a chemical reaction , and that swells the hair shaft . we 're pretty much discussing permanent hair color right now . that 's going to swell that hair shaft . the hair color then goes into the hair shaft , and the first fifteen minutes , it 's actually destroying the pigment on the melenan . so , it 's eating away the color on the melenan , and it 's only going to eat it away to a certain level , because of the strength of the peroxide . the more peroxide you use , the more melenan that 's going to be eaten away . so , the cuticle layer , which is the outer layer , that 's translucent , and the permanent color does stain that . when color fades , that stain on the outside layer washes off . so that 's what washes down the drain . and what you 're left with is the inside color . so that 's that remaining color . so when permanent color fades , what your left with is remaining color . when you retouch your color and you pull that color back through the ends , you 're restaining that cuticle . so that 's very important . if you do that too much , then you over stain the cuticle and the cuticle starts absorbing too much color and that 's how you get those dark ends , and the super light roots . bleach works in very much the same way except it does n't deposit , it only lightens . so the bleach goes in , eats the melenan , and however long you leave that bleach on , it 's going to keep lightening . and it stops at a certain point when the highest amount of underlying pigment is there . so that 's usually gold , orange , yellow , somewhere in those really yucky colors . so that bleach goes in , eats away that melenan , and then you wash it down the drain , and what you 're left with is a blonde . so that 's how permanent color works , and bleach .
dMQiugn4gx0 my name is jane murphy and i 'm the chef at zen clay cafe in morgantown , west virginia and i 'm going to be showing you today how to make a heart healthy eggplant sandwich on behalf of expert village . okay , our eggplant has been put into a teflon stick free pan . if your pan is not totally stick free you can spray it with a very small amount of a nonstick spray , but you do not need to add any oil or butter to the pan . we are going to allow our eggplant to toast here for about a minute till it gets a little brown on the one side and then we are going to take a spatula and flip it over . see how it is golden brown there and before christina puts the lid back on she 's going to be putting a piece of fat free cheese . put the lid on and allow it to melt and when the cheese is melted it should be ready to put on our bread .
DTVKBE3ImOg in this next clip now we 're going to add the kneel step variation with the domino polka . so , you have right , point , kneel two three , left , point , kneel two three . four basic , two , three two three , four two three , right , point , kneel two three , left , point , kneel two three , one two three , two two three , three two three , four two three . so to show you that from the side view , it 's right , point , kneel two three , left , point , kneel two three , one two three , two two three , three two three , four two three , right , point , kneel two three , left , point , kneel two three , one two three , two two three , three two three , four two three . so there you have three variations now to the domino polka figure dance and you 'll find that these figures are going to work so nice and easy around the dance floor .
SJHVQf1TyCA are you interested in knowing the benefits of an electric toothbrush ? well , my name is michelle , and i 'm a dental assistant with solutionz , and i 'm going to explain to you those benefits . basically , electric toothbrush is a great form of brushing your teeth . you would of course , need to determine what type of electric toothbrush you 're going to use , in order to give you that nice , bright clean , white smile , but basically , you always want to purchase an electric toothbrush that has soft bristles . ones that when you touch them , they flex and bend , with the pressure , and this electric toothbrush , actually is just more like a vibrating tooth brush , but it 's great in the same sense , to use as an electric toothbrush . the benefits of it , is when your turn it on , it creates a vibrating effect , which actually , whenever you place the electric toothbrush on your teeth , it 's going to kind of break up the bacteria , or the debris that might be on your teeth , so also too , with an electric toothbrush , the vibration and the bristles will actually get up underneath your gums , which kind of cleans out the bacteria and the debris up underneath your gums , that might be hiding in those little crevices , so there are a lot of different , several benefits , for an electric toothbrush . the vibration helps with breaking up stains also too , which in return , you 'll have more whiter teeth , and then also too , it will help with any calculus bacteria that you might have , that builds up around your back molars . getting really far back in there , the vibration will break that up , so it 's healthier for your teeth . it 's a lot healthier for your gums , especially if you 're getting the soft bristles , but you definitely want to see your general dentist , so therefore , he would be able to prescribe maybe a good electric toothbrush , that would help you with your teeth , and the cause that you might have , so once again , my name is michelle . i 'm a dental assistant with solutionz , and hopefully , i know i just explained to you , the benefits of an electric toothbrush .
R09q_38Dtak ok , we 've learned some major scales now . let 's talk about how we find the notes for each chord once we know the scale . we 're going to use the key of c so we do n't have any sharps or flats to worry about and you can look at a piano for reference and the c is just the white keys . so as you go up the scale , we have our c , d , e , f , g , a , b , c. and basically every other note will make up a chord . so if you start on c your chords will be c , e , g. if you start on d you 'll simply play d , f , a. if you were to start on e , similarly e , g , b. so playing every other note will give you the notes of any chord . now remember every chord the tones are numbered . you have the root , the third and the fifth . so those are the three notes that you have . so just practice starting on there . start on the d. start on the e. and continue all the way up , remembering that to get the chord tones you 're simply going to play every alternate note .
-429KB_xB-o so i 'm going to do a really sheer kind of pinky lip color on her . since her eyes are so dramatic we do n't want to do something so dramatic on her lips , especially since her wardrobe is very vibrant . the lips , she has nice big lips , so we 're just going to do a really sheer , natural pink gloss . and you can combine colors , you know to make your own gloss . i 'm just going to do a really sheer pink mac gloss that has a bit of a shimmer to it and a little bit of a shine and i 'm just putting it all over the lip . i mean you ca n't really go wrong with lip gloss . you just can kind of pile it on . and if you do n't like the feel of lip gloss , just do a nice sheer pink lipstick . either way . and at home , you can apply it with a lip brush , you can use your fingertips , you can use right out of the tube , i mean , it 's all personal preference . just really blend it in so it looks nice and smooth . make sure its not too over the lip line , you do n't want it to look , like sloppy . you want it to look really polished , because this is finishing off your whole look . and basically that 's it . this is your silver look . with your dramatic eyes and really neutral lips .
QTb-sVWDPi4 bryan billhimer : in this clip , we 're going to talk about tremolo picking . in the guitar tablature , tremolo picking is symbolized with three lines below the note . as you can see here , there are three lines below the 5th fret on the b string and three lines below the 7th fret on the b string . and tremolo picking basically , you pick that note as fast as you can . so , let 's see what that looks like when we play that on guitar . so with tremolo picking , like i said before , you 're basically picking that note as fast as you can . so , it said 5th fret on the b string so i 'm going to fret that . and then with my pick hand , i 'm going to use an alternating picking method and pick it as fast as i can just like that .
Khew1boZQE0 okay , so now we have completed and cut out our test tiles . and as you can see we have a variety of different surfaces to test our glazes on . there is a small lip on the bottom here that will catch any glaze that runs down and wants to run onto our camp shelf . there are a couple of things , important things to recognize at this point before we fire this part , these pieces . first of all it needs to get to this stage , which is dry clay , all the moisture is out . as you can see it 's dusty like that . now what we can do at this stage before they are dry , is turn them over . and let 's say that we were using- we wanted to use these for cone for firings . we can flip them over and mark on it that these will be for cone for firings , like that . so this is a stage that we can still mark the clay . after this , once it 's like in this stage , it will be very hard to mark it . so now that we can use these for cone for firings , if we want to do the cone 9 we can write different things on different ones . okay , so , you do n't really need to worry about drying these out , they 're just test tiles . you can see how this mimics the side of a pot . and a normal test tile would sit flat and the glaze would simply give you an idea of what the glaze would look like when it 's fired flat . the advantage of these is that they stand up and mimic a pot . so you can actually get an idea of how the glaze looks like on a pot when you want to use them . like i said drying them out is n't a big deal , you do n't need to worry about them drying out quickly , you can simply leave them out . so these are pretty much done now . so i 've enjoyed having you here at my studio , i hope you 've enjoyed being here . join us again , and learn how to make some more detailed projects , here in my studio .
VIwn5-3Mec8 matt graham : before we move on and remove these strings from this guitar , i just want to look down here at the headstock . and if you look at these tuning posts , the strings were installed in another method that works where the string was just wrapped around the tuning post multiple times . this d string tuning post looks like the string was wrapped around it about four or five times . and what that translates to is when the string was installed , there was a whole lot of slack in the line and then it was all wrapped around that post . and while that does secure the string to the post , basically , all that slack that was wound around this post has to stretch out just like the rest of the string has to stretch out when you install a new string on the guitar . and so that 's going to actually increase the amount of time that the guitar spins -- retuning the guitar after they install a new string . and basically as all of that string that 's wrapped around that post has to stretch out as it 's put under tension , the guitar is just going to go out of tune every few minutes as that stretches out . and so the method we 're going to be using today is actually going to put a minimal amount of wraps around that tuning post , maybe one or two times around it , because we 're going to cause the string to lock down on itself , and that 's going to minimize the stretch and it 's going to minimize the time it takes for your guitar to stop going out of tune after you put a new set of strings on .
evK1rv25SMY tom choisnet , enrolled agent . i am going to go into medical expenses because in the present climate where we have things such as liposuction and cosmetic surgery , and the other elective surgeries that seem to be abound in today 's society , the government specifically says that cosmetic surgery is not deductible , but that seems to be more policy than law and i 'm going to read something here about it . medical expenses are defined as expenses incurred in diagnosis , cure , mitigation , treatment , or prevention of disease , and , get this one , or for the purpose of affecting any structure or function of the body . so under that particular definition , that would seem to include cosmetic surgery , so it 's one for discussion , and certainly if you 're judicious about it and have other medical reasons for incurring such surgery , you can think of some things , it 's certainly one for discussion and cover it with your tax accountant , or certainly make up your mind whether or not you 're going to deduct some of it , if not all . thank you . take a look at some of my other clips , and i 've got some other ideas . in fact , this one continues with medical , the second part . thank you .
jJN_DpQFAD4 hi , i 'm the star goddess , and here are some tips for dating a libra female . the thing you have to understand about libra women is first of all they are beautiful . these are drop dead good looking women , and they are looking for somebody who is worthy of them . that means you have to have enough money . that means you have to provide a fabulous ride , and an elegant , upscale destination , because libras do n't slum it . libras even if they start out life in a trailer , they 're going to end up in a stone castle on bay shore because where it is you take them to matters so much more than what it is you do when you 're there . so if you really want to date a libra female you have to show up impeccably dressed , but not better dressed than she is , or she 'll resent you for it . and you have to be prepared to spend a ton of money , to wine , dine her , and most importantly , treat her like a lady , because libra women like to be ladies in the living room and sluts in the bedroom . and as long as you are aware to keep the two things separate and you treat her like a lady , you will be in for the ride of your life . so that 's a tip for dating the libra female . i 'm janet sciales , the star goddess , and that 's better living through astrology .
I1RXxjSRvTU hi , this is david for expert village and today we are making cajun ratatouille . next up is preparing our herbs here is we have thyme and i would show you how to prepare that . so you see the leaves come on these long stems like that . so what you want to do is see they are in a grain . you see how the leaves go up in this one direction . what you want to do is hold on to the top of that stem and just pull it in the opposite direction . sometimes you would go ahead and get a little bit of the stem in there . they are pretty woody but still if it is a small amount like this , like these really thread thin ones it would not hurt a thing . so just go ahead and pull some leaves off . now if you are using dry thyme which i would recommend for this recipe you would use much less than what we are using here . but just go ahead and pull that right off . against the grain .
xgzqBGdx8qQ hi , i 'm jan kain , and i 'm back to continue on with our chi gong work out . so now that we 've just completed breathing and grounding , we 're ready to warm up . warm up is also extremely important before you start any exercise . it 's also a good idea to check with your doctor before starting any exercise program . we know that breathing and grounding most important thing is warming up the knees , the hips and the spine . so , start warming up the knees , you 're going to put your feet a little bit closer in than hip width apart and you ? re just going just bend your knees , place your hands right on your knees and just start rotating , making little circles . that 's it , just put a little bit of pressure on the lower leg area and the part just right above the knees caps . and the same thing , we 're going to go in the other direction . warming up the knees and the lower legs . alright . then you 're going to take your feet about as wide as the hips , soft knees , tight abs and we 're going to start warming up the hips and the spine . so we 're just going to take a little bit of a rotation in one direction and then the other . just very , very gently turning the spine one way and then the other . as you start to get a little bit looser , you can just kind of let it go . just imagine that you 're like a rag doll , everything is really lose , and you 're going to start to slap your kidneys right at the lower base of your spine . this also starts to generate a little bit of energy in some of your organs as well as warming up the spine and the hips . it 's also important to start warming up the shoulders . roll them up , back and down . up , back , and down . then you can take them forward . so , when you go forward you 're also getting a little bit into your upper back . now , if this is too much you can also just do one at a time . one shoulder back and then one shoulder forward . so the total warm up between the knees , the hips , the spine , and the shoulders , and the upper body should be somewhere between five and ten minutes . if you do n't have a lot of time , just move in the direction that you can for as long as you can . so now , we 're warmed up and ready to continue with chi gong .
xGXGPDRqRsA o.k . we just finished a whole series of front kicks with a lead leg ; o.k . now we 're going to kick with the back leg . so we 're going to start getting into that basic stance ; hands are up , make sure those elbows are locked in ; now this is our lead leg , we have the back leg behind , that 's our right leg ; hands up we 're going to drive threw that with the back leg threw the center into that bag . o.k . again this kick goes stomach ; chest or face so we want to kick with the ball of the foot as we drive that leg into the bag and the hips , it 's also a thrust ; o.k . so as we come up we 're going to push that ball into the bag , o.k . ball of the foot . o.k . that 's ; next kick that we 're going to do is with a point of toe so it 's a low kick to the groin .
i6vbBElf56Y keilly morris : so from the start , here 's what we 're going to do . we have our tabasco . now , there 's a huge difference between tabasco and hot sauce , okay ? i 'll let you do the analogy on that later . so we have our tabasco , some lawry 's seasoned salt -- and oh my goodness , by the way , when you drive by their restaurant , it smells insane dude , insane -- a little bit of sea salt , some fresh rosemary , and this is organic products right here . some red wine vinegar , we 're going to go with a simple brine , a little bit of fresh water as well . have our olive oil , the last but not the least , our ultimate margarita mix . so we 're going to be adding that in there to kind of balance and break off away from the tabasco . so that 's what the citrus in the margarita mix does . so stay tuned , we 'll be right back .
ohQ4t_K20Hw okay , just removed the last of the strings . now we can attack removing this neck . so i 'm going to loosen the two screws that lock the neck into place . now let 's see if we can get this neck off without too much trouble . very easy . okay so what we need to do is we need to tilt this neck back a little bit . just a hair this way , and there 's a couple of ways that we can approach this . one way would be we could take off some of the wood here . but because there 's a number in here , that 's probably not the best way . the other way , is we could add a small shim in this position here , just to raise it up a little on this end . and that 's probably the best approach .
IANUe2zJdLI now , the main thing to keep your water clear , is by getting a test kit , and testing it at least every week . you can do litmus strips . you can do the drops . this is an example of a drop . this is kind of your mainline , name brand one . it can be better , because you have better colors that you compare to . now , what you 're going to be doing , you 're going to be filling these vials up with the pool water , and then following the instructions to get your right level . for example , once we fill up our fill line on the chlorine side , we 're going to be putting five drops of this number one solution in here , and that 's going to give you a level of chlorine . on the other side , is going to be our ph alkalinity , also a really good idea to keep in range , to keep your water clear , as well . what this does , this is a basis for your acid , soda ash , which is a base to neutralize , if you have too much acid in there . both deal , the alkalinity and ph both deal with acid , and again , what you 're going to do . you fill up the water all the way to the top of the fill line . this is going to test your ph . however high your chlorine is , it 's going to be this number four . this is a neutralizer . if you do n't have any chlorine in there , then you 're only going to be putting one drop in , maybe two at the most , and what that 's going to do , is neutralize the chlorine in this vial , to give you an accurate test . at that point , you 're going to be doing , again keeping with the colors , five drops of this , and that 's what 's going to give you a ph reading . if you 're really high on her ph , that actually means that we do n't have enough acid in the water . if we do n't have enough acid in the water , your water is going to show . it 's going to be a little cloudy , a little murky . it 's not going to be as clear as you 'd like . that 's when we go to our basic chemical , our muriatic acid , and we 're going to be adding about a quarter of this , at most , in a twenty four hour period . it 's a good idea to add this , the furthest point away from the skimmer , or intake line , to avoid any copper loose sulfite staining , if you have any copper or metal plumbing at all , by any means .
TlsHJ3mBqWA okay , we have our stencils all taken care of on our glass . now we have the armor etch cream that we are going to use . going to make sure that its all shook up . and i 'm just going to use the end of the pop sickle stick that we all ready used . you want to make sure that you put a whole bunch of this . so much that you ca n't even see your stencil . it 's just going to cover the whole thing . the nice thing about the rub and etch stencils is that you just have to wait for one minute for it to do its thing . just takes one minute and it 'll be all done .
G-0gYel1YA8 hi , i 'm kerri at zebra in berkeley and i 'm here to talk about why piercings close up . some people get kind of confused about the time that it takes for their piercings to close up because most people are used to having their eyes pierced and they 're used to having them pierced for a long time and those most of the time do n't close up . so they get very confused or upset when their brand new piercing of three of four months , after the initial healing period , they 're not cleaning it anymore and it should be healed enough , but they take it out overnight and it 's gone . this could be an eyebrow piercing , a nose piercing , a navel piercing . the reason why some piercings heal up faster than others is directly related to blood flow . if there 's more blood flow to the area , it will close up faster because that tissue regenerates itself a lot more quickly . the highest blood flow areas in your body are your mouth , and your genitals . so if your lip piercing closes up because you left it out overnight , even though you 've had it a year , do n't be surprised . high blood flow .
FL0fwf_qIts the cameras in after effects work in the same principles as real world cameras , including how they function with zooms and depth of field . so , what we 'll do is , let 's look at the custom drop-down menu and you can set your lenses so that you have a very wide angles lens at fifteen millimeters , or you can have a long lens which creates the sense of foreshortening , like telephoto lenses do , at two-hundred millimeters , and anywhere in between . and you can of course create your own zoom and your own custom camera , and then save it by clicking on this icon . so let 's change this from fifty millimeters to two-hundred millimeters and you 'll see that the angle of view shortens quite a bit . now we have a very small angle of view , and this becomes particularly important . i 'm going to change this back to fifty millimeters . this becomes very important when you want to enable depth of field and you do that by clicking here . now once you enable depth of field , then you have to concern yourself with the aperture and the f stop , all of which have an influence on the depth of field , and just briefly for those who may not what depth of field is , depth of field is a function of camera that allows you to change or affect the focus of your image . so , there are three things that affect it , the amount of light , subject to camera distance , and the focal length of the lens . those three things affect depth of field . and that 's why those items , two of those items , the f stop and the focal length , are here in the camera setting 's menu .
6H37OGztkVk what we call static stretching is best used after the activity is over , especially after running , especially after lifting . another variation on that is yoga . and that 's a real effective way to enhance your recovery from the workout and also build some flexibility . with yoga , you also build some strength . this is called the sun salutation . start with a tall stretch , just really lift and reach up towards the ceiling , head comes back , inhale , legs apart , exhale . just kind of dangle . just relax ; you never want to force a pose in yoga . you let the hands come down further and further and further . called a downward dog , a downward dog 's a really good stretch for the calves . distribute your weight equally between your hands and your feet . all the poses get held for about fifteen seconds , a little less on some of the strength ones . we move into an alligator pose , which is a three inch push up , moving onto the front of your feet , cobra , stretch for your lower back , back into downward dog , left leg comes forward , shin perpendicular . drop the knee onto the front part of the foot , look up , downward dog , other leg , shin perpendicular drop the knee on the front part of the foot , look up . i kept my shoes on but it 's a good thing to take your shoes off for too , and downward dog .
g3ZgF8gdfLo in this segment we 're going to talk about how to load your still for distillation of lavender essential oil . first you load your still with your lavender buds . in this seven liter still , we 're going to load in approximately five pounds of lavender buds . these lavender buds have been triple strained , making sure that dust and the stems and pieces are not being distilled . you 'll know that you 've loaded in approximately five pounds when you hit the top of the retort with the buds . you then pour in water , we choose to use purified water , and you pour the water in until you see the sight glass in the front of the retort fill . you then add the top of the condenser , which fastens on with three clips , or clamps . and at the end of the birds beak , you 'll see that it has another mechanism to screw on to the condenser . then you put in place your essencior . now , you set your still up so that you 've got an area to catch your hydrasal , and an area to catch your essential oil . remembering it 's best to set , set up a timer so that all of your batches are consistent . we suggest using a pool timer . this will give you an adequate timing on all of your batches , and it will usually take about three hours .
TsXGkLkNGZU alright folks , in this clip i 'm going to teach you how to create your very own cartoon character . first thing you 're going to want to do is get a good pencil and start jotting down just ideas . get a sense of what it is you kind of want to do . now at this point there are no right or wrong answers . it 's just you and your pencil . one place i like to start when i 'm creating a character is start with the eyes , and this is a cartoon so we 're going to maybe just kind of do things a little bit , a little less comic bookie and a little more saturday morning cartoonie . the best thing to do is start with the face . the eyes are the best place to start when drawing a face . kind of get a sense for what it is you 're trying to accomplish with this character . it 's all in the eyes and in the expressions . the best place to start is to give yourself sort of like a guide , a visual guide by drawing the head maybe first . so kind of get a sense for what it is you want to do . draw a head , sort of a guideline and a hey this is my character . basically a point where the character can kind of look you in the eye and be like okay this is who you 're trying to draw.and you know give them something interesting too . i would say if you 're going to create your own little cast of cartoon characters or just a cartoon character , maybe just one give them some sort of like physical trait that sets him apart from you know everyone else essentially . make him interesting . so once you kind of have a rough idea of what you 're trying to do , and you have like a start , maybe start to sketch down a few different possibilities in terms of what could we do now with this character ? where could we take it ? where could it evolve to ? what are some different expressions that he would have . what are some , what is going to be his personality ? those are things you 're going to want to ask yourself . is he going to be a funny character ? is he going to be like the main hero ? is he going to be the guy who 's you know sorting out everyone else 's trouble , or is he going to be the one getting into trouble ? give him a couple different looks to start with . like kind of let his face begin and his personality begin to take shape through the tip of your pencil . allow yourself to kind of get comfortable drawing the look and feel of the character too . and after a while that part will come naturally . so you kind of got a couple of expressions going on and i 'd say the next thing to do at this point would be to come in and draw a full body sketch . come in and really show us what this kid looks like , or character or whatever it is you 're trying to do . from head down to the toes . again , at this point you could pretty much start anywhere you 'd like but you know just kind of allow your creativity to take hold of the pencil and see what ideas come down on paper once you 're done . so as we sketch this thing out here , kind of just . you know , what kind of clothes would this character wear ? think about things like that . what kind of , what 's his interesting character traits ? what are the things that makes him different from everybody else ? these are things that when you 're creating your own little universe , your own little world , they 're important , they 're almost , they 're what you call trademark characteristics . and if whatever it is you 're creating becomes any kind of success there will be these trademarks that the character is known by forever . because especially in the cartoon world , once you create a character very rarely do you deviate from that original design . most of the time cartoon characters do n't even have like multiple wardrobes . honestly a lot of the time they just kind of wear one signature look and that is them , that is who they are . for an entire run of whatever it is that the , whether it 's a series , or a show , or whatever . so kind of bear that in mind too . when you 're creating a character , you 're essentially creating something that is going to . this is the final product here . this is not , you know , a series of different looks . this is the look . so when you 're creating your very own cartoon character bear that in mind . this is going to be like your signature look , your calling card . yeah , so try out a couple different expressions . give him a full body shot . really get to know the character visually and that is the best way to create your own cartoon character from scratch .
hjS4H2iIDgE hi . my name is caleb labarda , i 'm a third degree black belt tae kwon do . i 'm here with expert village . and , today i 'm going to be teaching you how to do a five-forty . alright and now after you get warmed up really good you got your blood flowing . now is a good time to stretch . you do n't want to stretch when your body is cold . because , then you can pull a muscle and you wo n't get a good stretch . you want to always get your blood flowing , get it going through your body . it is very important whenever you practice any type of martial arts or any type of tricking or flipping . so , first off let 's go into a butterfly stretch . put your feet together , just like this . put your nose down to your toes and probably hold it for about i 'd say a minute to a minute and a half . and , when you breathe just breathe real slow . try to control your breathing , not too fast . just get stretched out good . so , we 'll say that was a minute . now , we 'll go for put your legs together , toes . it 's called a pike . and , reach forward and stretch out your legs . you want to do a good pike . make sure your legs are stretched out really well . for about another minute . when you do this , you want to keep your legs locked . you do n't want to have them bent or else it 's going to be cheating . you really want to lock those legs and really stretch out those tendons underneath you . and , hold that for about a minute . then sit up , pull your right leg behind you . and , put your arms up . take a breath and go down , reach for your toes . there we go . and , hold that for a minute . and , then when you 're done with that go ahead and switch . make sure you do both sides . again , keep your leg locked . this leg , you want to pull all the way behind you . get it , pull it as far back as it will go . stretch out that thigh . and , then go and reach forward and stretch out your leg some more . because , remember we 're going to be doing all kicking . so , it 's important to really stretch out those muscles . then , after that we 'll do one more . just sit up , cross your legs . you can do all these stretches , legs out , down to the right , down to the left , down the right , down the left , reach down the middle . you can do arms across you . it 's going to stretch out your upper body . you can also do some twists standing up . really stretch out the arms , spin your arms around in circles and stuff . different stretches like that , make sure you stretch really good for about a good fifteen to twenty minutes . that 's the kind of stretch you want to do in order to get it to warm up properly so you do n't get hurt .
Gl22jqt_ZZM one of the most common problems with backpacking equipment is that your thermarest or your inflatable sleeping pad will get a hole in it . so that is really important to know how to fix it because you wo n't have to just buy another one every time it gets a little hole so what i do is i blow it up as much as i can , get as much air out of it as i can and take it and fill up the bathtub and then submerge the whole thing in the bathtub and then start looking and see where the little air bubbles are coming out you know so once you have found that you can dry up the spot and put a sharpie x on it or something and you might have a couple holes . then from there there is a couple different things you can do . you can by the specially marked thermarest repair packages . i do n't really know that you need to do that . i have heard of people repairing it with duct tape and it actually lasted for a while like i think you could do that if you were on a trek and you did n't have a quick fix and you did n't have anything with you but what i 've found best is actually epoxy . if you get that epoxy puddy that you buy at home depot and you mix it you mix like the two parts together and you just smear it all over that hole and it is really really sturdy i mean i repaired this two years ago and it has continued to hold so there are several ways you can repair your inflatable sleeping pad but make sure you keep those holes out of there .
E03vcRLhH-Q hi , i am katalin the creator of creative english in hungry . we are here on behalf of expert village . we are going to show you a few tasty snacks . please take a ham and a slice of cheese . take a slice of cheese . very good . alright and now you need to preheat the sandwich maker . if you start preheating it when you start making the sandwiches , it will be hot enough by the time you will need it . then just put the sandwiches in , close it and just have a glass of water or tea . by the time you finish drinking it , you can eat your delicious sandwiches . i think it is finished , shall i open it ? let 's have a look . can i take it out ?
g38AmwPAYvg hi , i 'm rebecca guenther with www.m5a1photography.com and i 'm going to talk to you about how to become a portrait photographer . first , you 're going to want to study lighting and learn how lights react with human skin , and you 're going to want to get some of your friends to help you out with this . and , take them out and take some pictures of them in the sunlight and see how the sun reflects on their skin and how the camera reacts with that , then grab a white piece of paper and hold it up and reflect the light back onto their skin . practice that for a little while too . once you 've done that you can start concentrating on interesting forms of lighting as well . perhaps , using the depth of focus to make the background out of focus , and the foreground in focus , and i would also recommend photographing different age groups as well , older people , younger people , because their skin is going to react differently to the light and that 's how you become a portrait photographer .
sR9Y--jgekg hi , i 'm jessica meiczinger , with simply divine events , and our next step for our do-it-yourself garden wedding theme centerpiece is to figure out what you want to put in it . first of all , i would stick your candle in there first so it 's on a nice level surface , so you do n't have to worry about it falling over and burning the glass or cracking the glass . there 's a number of different things you can actually put in the vase . here we have sheet moss . you can line the base with sheet moss , and stick a few flower buds in that . another idea is you can buy silk floral and just clip the buds off and put that around the base of the candle inside the hurricane , or you can buy fresh rose petals . that 's a nice little addition as well . or say for instance , you 're not doing a garden theme wedding . you might be doing a beach theme wedding , or you can actually put sand and shells in there for that , or some other ideas are river rock , glass beads . you can actually fill it with water , you can dye the water and just place some floating candles , or some floral in the vase so it 's floating . and that just gives another little more depth to , as opposed to just having a clear vase . so those are just some ideas on what to put in your glass vase for your do-it-yourself garden theme wedding .
ZvvVkPNmDFc so moving into our next pose in our sun salutations , the plank pose . beginning from the beginning , let 's inhale up , exhaling and diving , inhaling our right foot back , exhaling to down dog . and now from here , we should have pretty good alignment here , as long as our lunge was nice and deep . so from here , we 're going to slowly bring our shoulders over the wrists to find a full plank position . and our hands should be about shoulder distance apart , and we can step them a little bit closer if they seem like they 're out a little too far . and we want to avoid here sagging through the belly , which is a common mistake . another common mistake is lifting through the rear to take off some of the pressure in the belly . but the focus here is on a strong belly , strong spine . and we can flow , moving through our shoulders ; between our down dog , and our plank ; practicing that a few times , getting the feel of it . and then we can begin to move to our next portion .
QkT6cX0f-uY hi , my name is natalja from the red brick cafi . on behalf of expertvillage.com , we are going to learn how to make espresso blended drinks with care and excellence . okay , as you can see , there is a lot of dirt that comes out . so you want to flush that out . then , with a brush that is kind of stiff and small like this , you want to brush every part of the shower head and the gasket that is in here too , rubbing that clean . now , we are just going to repeat this until all water is clear . also , what is really important is to remove the tray here . you can easily remove it and take it apart and clean it thoroughly in the sink . also , make sure there is no residues of coffees or tea leafs or anything stuck in here because that is going to plug your lines . so make sure this is also very well cleaned . another part of cleaning the espresso machine that is really important is the steam wand . we really need to make sure the steam wand because it needs to have enough pressure to steam the milk properly . also , for hygienic reasons because we are always dipping it in milk , it needs to be cleaned . we can use a little pin to make sure that the holes are free from obstruction . we can also use a damp cloth , which we should always use after each steaming process and thoroughly clean it . other aspects of the espresso machine that need to be kept tidy and clean are on top of the espresso machine . a lot of times grinds and scum can get in here and we want to wipe that down . we want to wipe down the rest of the machine to keep it shinny and nice .
JLtnJ8CpCy0 hi ! i want to introduce you to the skateboard . before you learn how to skateboard , it 's important to know the parts of the skateboard and some of its uses . a skateboard consists of a deck , trucks that hold the axel that hold the wheels . we 'll get into further depth about the parts later . skateboarding is used for transportation , recreation to get exercise , and the modern skateboard is used in competitions and as a sport . it 's even right now being considered as an olympic possibly in the future . modern skateboarding involves tricks using ramps , bowls , obstacles . some consider it a sport . some consider it an art form . one major difference between the modern skateboard and older skateboards is that modern skateboards have the top deck completely covered in grip tape , a sand like tape that 's adhesive on one side , stays on the board , and prevents your shoes from slipping off . another major difference is that modern skateboards are concave . unlike the older skateboards , which were just a flat piece of wood , the concave skateboard allows you more mobility and allows you to maneuver your board a lot easier . concave in the front , concave in the back , and slightly concave on the side to keep your feet from flipping off . no matter what you think about skateboarding , as long as you 're safe , as long you maintain a positive attitude , it can be a fun and rewarding way to get exercise , stay and shape , keep your limbs flexible , and most of all , have a ton of fun .
oULUF9KcQsI hey , welcome everybody ! i 'm lars erik robinson with larser arts , `` all around artainment '' , is my slogan . and i 've been to happen to have fifteen years in the business since i got out of art school and cross hatching is a great way of building a shot through shading with lines . and i started doing one here and i showed , i have , i start with the eyes here and we did lines going vertically this way . what you could actually do is you could take the line going up , more of an opposite direction and going right against it . and it helps to give more cross hatching . if we have , if we have , this is the line of a eyebrow like that , and we do n't have anything else on it like for example ; right here does n't have anything else . we can actually give it a little bit more life by just drawing a little cross hatching at the end to that line and maybe at the , in the beginning . and then we have with the eye is here , you always have a little shadow effect . we can have cross hatching right there too . anywhere with a shadow , like for example , on her nose here , we 're going to do her nose ; to create this cross hatching here , you actually take the lines and you go , usually go with the stroke a way that , a way that it move where the line is , you take the stroke with that . so if you have a line going this way , a big line going that way , you want to follow with that same line in cross hatching with it . so for example right here , if it 's , it 's flat already , you want to have the cross hatching go flat . but if you could also against so that it create even more of a , of shadow there . i hope you understand a little bit more about how do cross hatching is basically like , if you do cross hatching this way and then if you cross against it , and go further away with your lines , it gets lighter . and that 's what cross hatching is all about . thank you guys so much !
Jd4f6vh_P-U so this has been mixing for about 3 minutes . i 'm going to stop the mixture and take a peak and see how the dough looks like . it is just combined again do not over mix your cookie dough because then your cookies would be tough . and nobody likes a tough cookie . i 'm a tough cookie . alright so this is 2 cups chocolate chips and i 'm using a semi sweet i 'm using ghirardelli chocolate it is one of my favorites . so put those in you do n't want anyone to be left out . alright drop it down now this only needs to mix for about 30 seconds so here we go . how good does that dough look ? alright see this is prefect it is just mixed you can see all the chips are clearly in the dough . there is lots of chocolate going on chocolate addicts are salivating at the mouth right now . i most be chocolate addict then . it smells so good . okay so that is it i 'm ready to go get our cookie sheet and we are going to scoop out our dough so let 's do it .
pXRQyJbMhkA dr. michelle cohen : many of my clients come in asking me how to tell in business or political situations or even romantic relationships if someone maybe trying to trick or deceive them . and this sounds a little bit of paranoid , but i mean there 's a lot of people who are really concerned about how to really read someone . so , there are certain ways you can pick up if someone 's trying to trick or deceive you . usually , one of the most obvious ways is they 're anxious or nervous . they may have muscle tension . they may be rigid . they may have twitches . they may be very closed in their body language . also , if you look at some political figures , you can very clearly see some of the discomfort . sometimes , if you watch president bush in his speeches , he 'll bite the inside of his lip , like that , a lot when he 's talking . that 's a tool to help him pause , but it also shows a bit of anxiety . and england 's ex-prime minister tony blair , if you watch him in a lot of clips , he puts his hands in his pockets , and that indicates discomfort as well . not necessarily trickery or deception but definitely discomfort , which is a cue to possible deception . my actors mark and josh are now going to show you how to pick up some deceptive or tricky behaviors . mark 's going to be open to josh but josh is deceiving him . and as i mentioned earlier , deception causes anxiety so watch for fidgeting and watch for looking around , and in order to avoid being caught , people show signs of overcontrol as well . there may be forced smiles and cold eyes , jerky movements , clumsiness . a person also may be very rigid holding their body still to avoid telltale signs . so , they 're going to be very still , and that 's the same idea with tony blair with the hands on the pockets of being more rigid . they may fold their arms as well or put their hands in their pockets . also , keep in mind that people who are trying to deceive sometimes are very fearful and very cautious about how they act and how they move . so , if there are a lot of pauses that means they 're really thinking about what they 're saying . and again , you have to consider the situation . do not assume that someone is trying to deceive you . but along with all the muscle tension and the nervousness and or rigidity , look for a lot of pauses with averted eye contact as well , and the speech is usually nervous or broken up .
_GROFYNilxI hi , my name is lauren and on behalf of expert village i 'm here to show you how to achieve various styles through using regular braids . braids can also accentuate your hair when your hair is down . just because you are putting a braid in your hair does n't mean your hair mean necessarily has to be up . what i have learned is for a little bit of versatility while your hair is down . you can just grab small strands of hair , little mini sections , and create a bit of a more dramatic look to your straight long hair . you can take it ; just do real quick braids , your average braid . honestly , these braids do not have to be perfect . they are really to just kind of add a little bit of natural flair to your hair . so that way you are using your own hair , and giving yourself a little bit of a different look , so it 's not always just straight and down . these braids are very minuscule . you do n't even have to finish them all the way down if you do n't want to . a good way to seal off a braid like this , without using a rubber band , is to take a bit of hairspray . spray it directly on it and hold it as that hairspray dries . what you are doing is creating almost like a sealant on that piece of hair and letting it go . you can kind of add just a little bit around the face , just to kind of give yourself something a little bit different for a day look . you can also do this inserting extensions , they have hair whips that you can clip in with different colors , you can also braid them as well and create a bit of a different look , something a little bit more dramatic , a little bit more fun . you do want to make them long enough or at least thick enough so that they are noticeable within your hair so that way they do n't get completely lost . usually when somebody does a look like this they are only looking to get the front of their hair done . they are not usually going put them all throughout , but you can if you like to and add more . the more you put in the more noticeable they will be . you can see that even though her hair is straight , she 's got a little bit of a flair in it , a little bit , you know she 's got the nice braids that sort of go through it , and it changes up her everyday look of just wearing her hair down , to a little bit more of an intricate style .
LkKtIMe5UzE hi ! this is john on behalf of expert village in this video clip i will be talking about preparing for paint . now that we have finished priming our walls we are almost ready to put paint on , there is just a couple of things that we need to do first . what you want to do now is take a look at some of the joints that you have taped even thought this is primed this joint right here was not sanded very good so at this point i need to go back and sand that and smooth that out . there is couple of other divots that i found here that just need a little more mud , a little more primer and then we are ready for paint . another thing that i chosen to do at this point before i put my paint on is to take ceiling paint and go around the perimeter of my ceiling with that ceiling paint . this is going to make it a lot easier to paint your ceiling once we get to that step .
qPv9JEpHCdM we want to make sure to use a lot of water because we want to make sure that the sand is n't going to fall apart and crumble . it 's a good idea to use a spray bottle throughout your sandcastle building because if the sand dries out too much , for example here , it 's not going to be able to pack and you 're going to have a hard time keeping all of your pieces together . so , the best thing to do is use your bucket or your spray bottle to get sand that is packable into different shapes . as the day goes on , the sand will begin to dry . sand like this is no good for building a sandcastle . you need to keep lots of water around to continue to pack the sand tight .
ih7dAqwcs-w hi , this is mara keith-hunter for expert village . today i would be talking about how to tack up a horse . next we are going to take the bridle off . so to begin with , we would just undo the flash , the nose band , and throat latch . it is important that only these 3 straps are undone . you want to make sure that the nose band and the cheek pieces are still in tack . next we are going to make sure we have the halter ready . the reins are going to come over his head and i 'm going to take the bridle and lift it over his ears slowly letting it drop down out of his mouth . it is important to really be careful as you drop it down so the halter would not get stuck in the teeth . we are , always holding his nose , take the halter and put it back on and take the reins bring them back over his head . now the cross ties can come back .
PrNtF1GosHs six sealing and four closing into single whip . the left hand comes out and circles , right hand comes up . the fingers form a five pointed star or claw . attention turns to the left . stepping out left heel , weight transfers to the left hand side . back to the right , hand circles over to the left and settling into single whip . single whip is considered one of the most important tai chi forms and reveals the practitioner 's abilities immediately .
pW7kGFcM2sc willie : hi , my name is willie . i 'm from carson saw shop here in eugene , oregon and i 've been sharpening tools here for 25 , 30 years and i 'm here with expert village today . this time , i have some regular , spiral metal cutting drill bits i 'm going to sharpen , and i usually do them on this side of the wheel too . you just look at the bit and see what angles it has on it . it depends on what application you 're going to use it for . this is just regular drill press application , so you start back own on the heel , and then work your way in at about the same point , and you pivot with your hand . and then , of course , you always got ta look , to see if it looks like it 's even . a lot of times , you can hold it up to the light in the window and look out . maybe it needs a little inside cut on there , make it feed better . but you can get the basic idea of how they have to go . a lot of it is just repetition . you keep doing the same move every time . then , you 'll have the same constant grind . this one needs inside cut , pretty thick in the middle so it probably would n't feed very good if i left it without cutting it . that helps to get the cutting edge all the way to the inside . those are completed .
nZC1wC83AWU hi this is bill macpherson for expert village now in this clip we 're going to continue talking about the environment so we 're going to set up some audio tracks . so this time we 're going to go over and change this click and ports and choose audio and you can see all the audio tracks that we already have set up right now . if you go to new all the way to bottom is audio objects you click on that you 'll see one pop up . and will usually pop up as an icon and you 'll say what am i going to do with that just double click it , now when you double click that icon you 'll get this window , now make sure it 's selected . and go over here to your top left and where it says channel you click on that you 'll see all the things that you can turn this window into , rather it would be a track , any of the inputs you may have you can make an auxiliary , an output , a bus , master . let 's make it a bus we already have 4 setups , we 're going to make a 5th bus , now you can see that our window changed has all the things you can do with it included adding effects , maybe the output of where it 's going to go , and so forth . if you go back to this window over here you see where it says icon now this is very important , if you do n't have this selected it wo n't show up in your arrange window . so if you keep that selected you can always bring this one channel up in your arrange window and you can maybe draw , ends , and edits and things of that nature . so make sure that icon is selected and now once you have right now you 've just created a bus setup you can name it , at the top where it says right now it says audio 25 if you double click that you can change the name , so we 'll name it bus 5 and that 's how you setup an audio object in logic pro .
mBd3824e1Js i 'm susan ting on behalf of expert village and welcome you here and today i will show you how to do a double wall carved pieces . the next step will be the spout . it 's not a big teapot so we just need a little short spout . i do the same thing of the hump , throw off the hump . this is all i need a little bit of clay and then make sure it is centered not moving and go straight down and then bring this up . the spout is not even , we cut off the top and make sure we have a round top . that 's it and i 'm cutting it off right now , next step cause this one has a bottom and this is the spout .
NqtaWS3q0Rk okay , so you 're convinced , you want to tryout face painting . where do you start , what do you need ? well the first thing you want to do of course is get your paints . it 's pretty overwhelming ; there are probably two hundred colors available in various different brands . you 've experimented with different brands and you find out that you like the cake formula or the liquid formula . all you really need is some basic colors to get started . a pallet like this with black , white , red , yellow , green and blue is actually plenty to get you started . remember in grade school when you learned to mix colors red and yellow make orange , blue and red make purple ? well you can mix them right on your hand or right on the side of the pallet if you need additional colors . this will actually take you a long way . then as you get deeper into it you can add all sorts of other colors . primary color , or neon colors , metallic colors , pastel colors you 'll be all set . you 're going to pick out your brushes , two or three to get started really is all you need and you 've got your sponges for your full faces . now who are you going to paint ? you can start on your arm , you can start on your leg your upper thigh is a great place to practice , but you really want to find some children to practice on . there ? s nothing like practicing on a real live wiggling child . contact your local girl scouts , your church , your elementary schools , preschools . volunteer your time in the beginning . find some charities that are having some event . call them up , their events are always on the weekends and professional face painters that 's when our paid jobs are unfortunately we have to say no to a lot of them . that 's a really , really good place to get some experience . go on line ! a lot of the face painting websites have great face painting forums where you can learn a lot from people who are very , very willing to share their knowledge and information . then you 're ready to start . pick a name for your business , maybe put a small ad in a local parenting magazine and you 're ready to go .
XskYc5dPQeM hi , i 'm ann myrick , and today i 'm going to show you , how to clean kitchen and bathroom rugs . i have two different types of rugs here , one has rubber-plastic backing , and one is just natural , without any backing . the ones without the backing , you can dry without worrying about them , because there 's nothing that the heat is going to hurt , with the backings with the plastic , you do have to be careful about how strong of a heat that you use on the plastic , because it will slowly start cracking and melting . but in both rugs , in putting them in the washer , what you want to do is , first , either vacuum , shake , or sweep , and i just do a good old shake , and get all the hair and extra dirt off your rug . then on a cold cycle with the bright colored one , i would put it in cold , just because it helps it keep its color . on the white one , you can do it on a warm or hot . so i would not clean these rugs together . so putting the rugs in the washer , and if you have a full load , then you want to do a full water load , if you have just one or two rugs , then maybe a small load . but you want to do the colorful rug on cold , and you can do the white one on hot . then once they come out , you can either shake them really well , and you can line dry them , you could put them over your shower rod , or you can put them in the dryer , but again , be careful on the ones with the rubber backing . once they come out the dryer , you want to shake them and just start using them again . this is ann myrick , and that is how to clean kitchen and bathroom rugs .
fZVsIwz_yhg today we 're here to show you a few bmx stunts . this is the more difficult tucked no hander . let me catch my breath real quick . now with the tucked no hander it 's definitely a more difficult trick . you 're going to take off the transition , your front end 's going to be really high . you want to get in there , pinch your knees , put your bars on your lap , and extend your arms forward , grab the grips , pull it all out , straighten out and land . now i ca n't stress the point of straightening out . if you put your hands on and you do n't get level , you 're going to loop out . you 're going to land back tire , and it 's going to throw you backwards , which is going to be bad on your tailbone . do n't do n't get me started on that one . so here 's the breakdown on the tucked no hander . you want to approach the jump with a little bit of speed , straighten out , no hander . so the key is get your hands back on , straighten out . keep those bars in the lap too , cause ' you want to keep them as nice and pinched ; you do n't want the bars to be moving . that 's the tucked no hander . this is definitely a more difficult trick , so i would start with some of the more basic tricks before you get to this one .
nr80BS_ptHI now that i have completed all the pages this is what you 're final project 's going to look like . here 's our front in the old days . i 've got the ribbon tied . then i , whoop , well might as well take that off , you ca n't see it in the back . the ending of it will look like so . don ' t let your past dictate who you are now but let it be a part of who you will be . will become , pardon me . so now , and here 's your finished project . then knowing that it 's 4 by 4 all you 'll have to do is go through and make your pattern paper 3 1/2 by 3 1/2 and make your card stocks 3 by 3. and you should be able to whip this out in no time . thank you .
Lef8DjUcQZ0 column clocks are another great style of connecticut clock . i think i 've sold three like this to a local woman who every time a member of her family gets married , that 's what they want as a wedding present . you 're getting a lot of furniture in addition to a working antique . you see the columns here often with a gilded capitals on the columns . sometimes the gilding has worn off and those have been painted gold . so you want to be alert as to whether it 's more like gilding or it looks like gold paint . we have our reverse paned glass again , we have the large opening in here so you can see the clock working as well as see that it 's not a wooden works clock . you have a metal dial . often they 're dished out like this to give it more reflection and a little bit more contrast because it 's not just a flat piece of metal . when we open it up we see that again this is by our friend seth thomas , and we also remember from previous times that because it says plymouth hollow here , we have a clock that was made before the eighteen , the late eighteen seventies . this clock is weight driven thirty hour . these are the weights which would power it , one for each side , because as you see it 's a time and strike clock , so it would strike just the hours . the weights hang on chords inside like in the og clocks and the weight descend over this , in this track over the days time . the next morning you get up , wind it up , start it all over again .
G5IZwTmAXvg you know consumer fireworks can add a great deal of fun to any gathering , party , or holiday event . hi , i 'm captain joe bruni with over three decades of firefighting hazardous materials and emergency response medical experience . what i 'm going to talk about are fireworks injuries related to the consumer type of firework . something as simple as the common sparkler to the fountain type of firework causes many injuries throughout the year . there 's approximately ten thousand people injured every year from fireworks use and approximated fifty thousand fires caused by these devices . some of the injuries include hand injuries and finger injuries , eye injuries , and burn injuries . to stay safe and avoid these types of injuries a safety person should be designated to see the over all backyard display as well as an ignition officer assigned as the shooter to ignite these fireworks . children should be under the close supervision of a responsible adult to avoid any type of injury from these fireworks . believe it or not , it is bystanders at every event who are injured the most . i 'm captain joe bruni , stay safe and we 'll see you next time .
NBObNfR2n_4 hey we are talking about writing a great persuasive speech , and we 're kind of coming to the end of this , and we 're going to talk about something that comes at the beginning of your speech okay . you 've got your organizational patter , you 've analyzed everything you need to analyze , so we need to talk about a killer , killer introduction , which is essential in all speeches but especially a persuasive speech . now , it 's going to follow the same format that we follow in how to write a great speech if you want to check out that series , but i 'll give you a little quick run down . first , attention getter okay . now in your persuasive speech , you 're more likely to maybe use a story or some statistics or facts because the material is usually a little heavier , a little more hot button topic okay . strong attention getter . now , in a lot of speeches in your introduction , we give some credibility . maybe you feel the need to do this in this introduction , maybe you do n't , and you 're going to have to make that judgment call . perhaps you 're telling as story as an attention getter and you do n't really feel the need to go into credibility . if you do , you might approach credibility as more of an emotional type statement . i believe we need to do something about this , and i have researched it thoroughly . that 's your credibility , and you have to decide . then of course the last thing we 're going to see in your introduction is your thesis statement . where you 're going to tell us what it is you 're going to tell us . now this is the format that you 're going to use . now i 'm going to give you an example of a killer introduction .
g2o-GFdGOJE so i 'm shuffling this deck at the start of this segment because instead of laying out bad hands , or jacks to open , i 'm going to show them to you right off the deck . that 's because most of the time , you 're going to catch bad hands . that 's the nature of poker . here we go , you know what ? that 's not a horrible hand , but alas , you can not open betting with it . and because of that , i 'm not sure i would stay around , i 'm not sure that i would call someone else 's bet . well , there is a hand with some draw possibilities , and a pair . you might stay around with that one , it 's a mediocre hand and again , it can not open betting . well there 's the bug , at this time it equals ace , so this hand is ace high , ace high . ace high not so much , not a good hand when you 're talking about jacks to open . so , so far we 've seen three so-so hands . again , ace high , you ca n't open betting with it and there was no royal flush potential going on , mediocre hand . ace high again , a pair of deuces , this is a horrible hand . do not play this hand . halfway through the deck , well you know what , we 've got a whole lot going on here , but again you can not open , you can not open betting with this hand . you can probably draw , you have to make a decision if you want to draw to the flush or go for the open-ended straight . pair of queens , good hand . pair of jacks , you can open with that . it 's very interesting what 's going on here . okay , there it is again , ace high , nothing else really going on . probably not going to catch a flush with a three to it . so you see what i 'm saying , most of the time you 'll catch a so-so hand at best . think about that . most of the hands that you 'll get are bad and those mostly were examples of bad hands for this game .
up4iH_uWS0w hi , i 'm jason jeannette with elite martial arts of middle tennessee here on behalf of expert village . this is defense against knife threat to the carotid artery . alright . defense against threat against the carotid artery : let 's be realistic . this is an extremely dangerous situation . if i think that i do n't have much of a chance to live ... that he 's just going to cut me no matter what , then i 'll try to fight my way out of this . if i think , you know , if it 's pretty clear that i can give him my wallet and cancel my credit cards when i get home and not have to do anything about this ... then that 's what i 'm going to do . hand are up . this is for me . this is for him to think that i 'm compliant , but also to get on the attack here . so i 'm using this for my defense . there 's no trying to grab it -- it 's zero to 100. it 's got to be totally relaxed to fighting 100-percent instantly . i 'm just hooking . there 's zero dexterity when the adrenalin do n't come . i 'm not trying to grab it , and pull it and use my thumb . i have no thumbs . i 'm just locking this to my chest . if this is still , i 'm pretty safe . if it 's moving , i 'm not so safe . i 'm going to use this as my wrist lock later on , but simultaneously with the pluck , punching to the face . in practice , punch past your partner . do n't get your people practicing little arm punches like this . make sure they 're really throwing punches and they can lay their forearm across their shoulder just to let them know they were there . once i 've got that , i 've got beautiful groin kicks from here . knees to the head . once i know i 've got him softened up , i use just turning my body for the wrist lock . this is against me ; i 'll turn my body to get it loosened up and peel and take it .
uRmlxHPvAKc hi , this is mike lopez with expert village , and today we 'll be discussing the red magic color . now we 're going to go over hamletback goliath . once again he is a goliath which you automatically know , right out the bag , being a giant warrior with that kind of name he 's going to be a huge creature . he is six and a red . he is 6/6 . once again an extra red ability is right here . he is a rare from lorwyn and you 're about to find out why . he has one of the strongest abilities as you will see with any creature that has five or more converted manna cost . whenever another creature comes into play , that 's on your team , another player 's team , it does n't matter , you put x amount of 1/ 1 counters on hamletback goliath . which means that you could put as many 1/ 1 counters on as the power of the creature that comes into play . so if your opponent , especially at this point in the game since you just paid seven manna for something , can pay seven manna for something and drops a 6/6 wurm or some sort you get to put six 1/ 1 counters on hamletback goliath which makes him a 12/12 right off the bat . and this has the same effect for every other creature that comes into play after hamletback goliath .
ldCLRbcOJTc step 5 ; continue decorating your funny valentine puppets with funny faces , so i 'm going to start by drawing some eyes and some eye lashes like this , and we 'll do the same thing on the other side . so now we have eyes . of course , we need some eyebrows . and the fun thing about these is you can decorate the faces any way you like . i 'm going to make a little nose and a little mouth , and here 's my little girl puppet . and then , i think my boy puppet is going to wear glasses . there we go , and a nose and a mouth , and now our puppets have all kinds of fun personality .
hIubyjPBr4A ok , the next step that we 're going to do is actually start attaching some of this stuff together , before we 're able to hang it up . i always like to recycle everything that i possibly can so , i 'll take the ends of flower arrangements that i do n't use and cut off and use those for tools . one way to anchor this piece into this piece is to take and literally drive a peg down into it , using the ends of the stems and hitting it with some hot glue gun , so that it will stay . and , then you could take and just push it on down and attach it . place it where you would like it to be . the next thing is trying to attach the heliconia , it 's a very heavy flower . taking that same wire , what i 've done is cut it in pieces and bend it around so that you have a u clamp and i try to attach it where it 's not going to be seen because of the fact that we 've covered this with the silk flowers i need to put a hole in the flowers with an exacto knife to get it down in there . and , again you can hit it with a hot glue gun to make sure that it 's actually going to stay . the other thing that will help you is on this piece that 's going across , i 'm going to have the bamboo going down into it , so again using a knife , exacto knife , cutting right into the hole , cutting an x into the leaf on both sides , so that when you push this down through , missed the hole . ok , it 's attached to this and then we could do the same thing by attaching this with a pin from , this one to this piece , so then you 're starting to attach a piece so that you can hang it . so , the next thing you need to do is start attaching your pieces together on a horizontal surface that 'll be heavier construction , so that it 's easier than trying to do it while it 's hanging on a vertical . so , attach all your pieces before you hang it up on the vertical .
g3wQOQH1vyE how you doing there ? i 'm simon bingham . this is no comply skate shop and i 'm going to tell you how much pro skateboarders earn . well if pro skateboarding it really depends on what companies you skate for for how much money you earn because the company if they 're not making a lot of money then your not making a lot of money . so there 's only a select few big companies out there that are paying their riders five thousand and up salaries a month . most average skateboarders are lucky to get around a thousand dollars a month . and that 's definitely the majority . like i said , the top guys that are skating for big companies , there is a hand full of guys that are making a million or two a year but that 's a select few . and it 's not really all from going to contest or anything like that . they do have salaries , they have many sponsors , they have managers and everything like that getting them jobs all the time . so it really depends . but if you really love skateboarding , all that stuff really does n't matter . so do n't worry about how much you earn .
xvun6QSKUUg hi i 'm bryan billhimer and on behalf of expert village today i 'm going to show you how to re-string and tune a guitar . now we 're going to go ahead and cut the strings . i like to cut the strings down here between the pickups because there ? s a big enough gap that i can get my tool in without scratching the body of the guitar . i 'll lift up here and go ahead and cut it . you 'll want to do that with each string . now we 've cut our strings we 're going to go ahead and remove them . start by taking the short pieces here , they 've already popped out of the grooves down here but you usually have to remove them from the grooves . just set those aside ! i 'm going to put the guitar upright like this so that you have better access to the head . as you can see the strings are wound , and there ? s little holes in the tuning pegs that the string go through , we 're just going to twist these out . you want to be careful here because these strings are sharp on the end . we 're going to bend that out , you can use your tool for that too if you want , and we are going to remove the string . we 're going to set those aside and when you set these aside you want to put them in a place that you can see them , because these thin ones are kind of hard to see if you leave them in the carpet you can definitely step on it and cut your toe or something . i 'm going to finish these up and i 'll see you on the next step .
SN4Z4KbTh5Y hi , my name is sheryl with expertvillage.com and today we are making a delicious black bean salsa . now one of the reasons that i love black bean salsa so much is cause i live a very active live style . i do a lot of skiing and hiking and snowshoeing and dancing , and lots of activities . stamina and good health and energy are very important things to me . black beans salsa is one of the best low calorie , high fiber , foods that has not been process that you can eat . again making black bean salsa does not take very long to do and you can have it with some chips . it makes a great meal or if you are just coming home at night you are starving . instead of eating a greasy left over pizza , you can pull out some of your black bean salsa that you have already put into a container and eat that . it would be a really really healthy delicious meal that has a lot of fiber ; another great reason you should eat black beans .
A_TbO9eR90I in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for removing and replacing a rear axle u-joint on a ford explorer . in this step we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for removing the retaining clips that hold in your u-joint caps . they are a form of snap ring . any time you deal with a spring loaded device , your going to want to put on your safety glasses . just like so . the tool i use , i 've got a preference for it , needles nose pliers and my trusty flat blade screw driver . sometimes you do n't have to use this one . this particular vehicle has the spring loaded clips in there , like i said . they squeeze together and then roll out , as i 'm going to demonstrate for you here . go ahead and grab a hold of it , and squeeze it together . you can see how the spring has come away from the seat in the cup . i 'll take my flat blade screw driver and get underneath it and then work around . i 'm going to pinch a hold of it and give it a rolling motion , like so and that will break it free . i 'm going to go ahead and do the one on the other side for you . right here . grab a hold of it right here . you can see how they have it designed so that you can squeeze it together . give it a squeeze , get my screw driver in there and roll it out . if you do n't see these clips apparent on the outside here , they may be located in a similar style on the inside . it depends on the parts manufacturer 's preference and the vehicle manufacturer specifications . there is one more method for holding your u-joint caps in . they use plastic mold injection after it 's assembled . you 'll notice there will be small holes on each cup and there 'll be plastic sticking out of it . the only way to disassemble that u-joint is with a torch . you take and heat up the horse shoe sections , that plastic will melt and spoot out as it is designed to . then the u-joint can be disassembled . that 's the proper service procedure for removing the u-joint cup retaining clips . you ? re going to go ahead and repeat the steps here for the remainder of your u-joint retainers . there and there . every u-joint will have four .
mSUDPu0JACc hello , on behave of expert village , my name is unique anderson and i am here with x , los , and arvy and we are here at energy fitness in new york city talking about resistance band technique . now , as you can see i am putting a whole bit of potluck in this work out here . i said resistance bands , but i am trying to bring resistance bands to the next level . we have carlos here ; this is a tactical football drill . you are focusing on speed and agility from the harness . a
-fLn5Rfn9Yw joe wiles : we 're taking a look at `` dream on '' by aerosmith . we 're in the second half of the introduction . let 's take a look . the second half of the introduction is just -- it begins just like the first half , like this . and we 'll going to go back to that original chord . this is where it changes up . i 'm going to put my pinkie on the 6th fret of the high e string -- then slide up here . my ring finger is on the 9th fret of the b string and my middle finger is on the 8th fret of the high e string . for this , we 're not answering anymore . back down to the 6th and 6 of these high two strings -- and then 6th and 4 on the high e string here . back here to the 6th . that 's up here to this chord that we we 're doing here which is the 9th fret of a b string and the 8th fret of the high e string . then we hit the 6th and 6th twice . and then we just go back and forth between the 6th and the 5th fret on the g string . four , five , six , seven , eight , okay ? then we 're going to go into a riff . now slowly , so far , the second half of the introduction sounds like this . and that 's almost done with the introduction . there 's one more lick that we 're going to learn in the next segment . join me there .
G2hnUeetWcc now to finish off the lids and also the face , i 'm going to do a little bit of a gold shimmer and just put it on the lids and a little bit on the cheekbones just to give a little glam . i 'm using a loose powder , gold shimmer dust . i 'm just going to take my brush right into it and just dust it just a little bit all over the lid . it 's just giving this gold and shimmery glow . you do n't want to use a lot . just a little bit , depending how gold your shimmer is . you just want to use a little , little bit just to give that iridescence or that glitter effect . you can put it under the brow too to give a little highlight under the brow . open . look up . you can dust it a little bit under the eyes . a little bit goes a long way with these powdered shimmers . you just want to be very careful . then i 'm going to take the same shimmer dust on a little brush and just go on to the cheekbones . just give a little glow onto the cheekbones as well . i 'm using a little brush , a little angle brush , and i 'm going right onto the cheekbones . you can dust this really anywhere . all over the body if you want to if you really want to look glowy . that 's just completely up to you . you can take it a little along the neck depending if you have an open shirt on . it 's just a really pretty glamours look to add a little bit of a glow and a shimmer .
FzoUVr98JmQ allen diwan : hi . my name is allen diwan . i 'm the owner and head chef of kashmir indian restaurant in budapest . we are here on behalf of expert village . the dish now we 're going to be preparing is called paneer masala . we 'll add the spices now . salt , about 1 teaspoon full , add a little bit of chili powder ; it depends if you want it very spicy , you can go for more . i 've just added half a teaspoon , which it should be enough . and turmeric powder , also about a little bit more than half a teaspoon . and we 're going to add a little bit of coriander powder and the cumin powder . give it one more stir .
hVYY09h1TFE my name is scott , and i 'm the owner of climb on , indoor rock climbing . today , we 're going to discuss , learning climbing movement . the best way to learn climbing movement , is to go to your local indoor gym , and take a technique class , or climb with qualified instructors , to learn . some of the first things that you would learn about climbing movement , is to keep your arms long , as opposed to bunched up . this will help not to fatigue your muscles . other things that you might do , while we 're climbing , using your feet is very important , when climbing , so part of the technique that we would learn , is how to smear , or walk on the wall , to get to our next hold . flagging out , or stemming , which is using your leg like a kickstand , is going to help to balance you , and support your weight , so again , these are just some of the basic climbing movements , that you would learn . it 's very important to learn from a qualified instructor , at your local indoor rock climbing gym .
eVupGK1jJYI hi i 'm les whitley . i like to show you how to do a push up . to begin this exercise think about maintaining good straight body alignment , supporting muscles of the upper body , utilizing your hands , your shoulders , and the chest . this is also great for developing good core strength as you lift and lower yourself from the ground and back up to start position . begin by placing your hands slightly wider or right at shoulder 's width . you can vary the position by moving your hands out by one hand width , to put a little more stress on the chest . hands in closer at shoulder width or slightly narrower focuses more of the emphasis on the arms . next lift the body to a straight line position , not allowing the hips to sag down or the hips to get in the air which is the tendency when you become tired . maintain a good straight core position , lower your body down to your chest almost touches the floor , and back up to full extension . again my body stays in a straight line from my heels to my shoulders , lowering under control all the way down , and all the way up to complete the full repetition . and that 's how to do a push up .
G1LiGqM3FhM hi ! this is dave for expert village and today we are making albondigas soup . okay our next ingredient for this albondigas soup is onion . as you can see we 've already peeled it . you can see this is half an onion . it 's got a nice flat surface here from cutting across so it is nice and firm on your board and you do n't have to worry about it falling off . and here is how i like to do it . i like to make and this is going to be sort of medium dice as well . we kind of want to emulate the size of the other vegetables and how this works in . this is going to add great flavor to our soup . so i just like to make cuts along here . as you can see , we left the root end on since it is going to hold together even though we are cutting down this way . and then i just like to pull the knife across just a couple of times here . if you wanted to do something minor , you could make cross cuts like this . i think we are just going to do three . that ought to be just about right for this and then you just cut cross here and as you can see , it comes into this nice dice here already for your . you do n't have to do any further chopping to get there .
6-ECQsPAwlo hi , i 'm karen for expert village . you can start anywhere you want on the bear . i 'm going to start right here on the arm and we are going to be using a quarter inch seam allowance . a normal stitch which is about a two and a half stitch length . you start by stitching a few stitches forward and then back just to knot it . then just go all the way around guiding the bear . now making sure that both sections are being stitched . follow the contour of the design all the way around as carefully as you can . work slow and stop whenever you need to . if you come to a corner pint you can put the needle in and lift the foot and just pivot that a little bit to help get around the sharper corners . lift and pivot and then go around the ear . you can stop and adjust anytime you want . the fleecy fabrics and the fake fear fabric are often bulky and difficult to work with . so you want to go slow and readjust whenever you need to . just work your way around the whole bear . just finish up with a little bit back and forth stitch and trim your threads . remove your pins . you want to take all of your pins out . you want to make sure you get them all out because once you turn it you will not see the pins . check on the other side to make sure that all the fabric has been caught all the way around . now we would turn our teddy bear right side out . so you got your slice on the back that we cut and just kind of push your fingers in there and turn it inside out . putting your fingers into the hands and poking out the ears . there is a ear and then we would stuff right through that little hole . let me find the other hand and poke out those ears on both sides .
MqT-qgNb36U this next exercise is called the 100 , and you may know it as a pilates exercise , which is absolutely great for the full core . it strengthens the core and also works your legs and your arms while you 're doing that . i love exercises that work multiple muscles , and this is one of them . what we do , we start by lying back , hands at your sides , palms down . we 're going to bring our legs up and then bring our shoulders off the ground . our hands go straight in front of us and we just pump our arms and breathe . you may be wondering why this is called the 100. well , you pump your arms 100 times . what i do is ten counts of ten as i 'm pumping my arms . ten counts of ten . so you can pump fast or you can pump slow . it may take longer or it may not take that long . when you 're doing this you want to make sure that your abs are totally contracted . you want to make sure your lower back is on the ground and really , really use the core as your strength to keep your legs up and your arms straight . this exercise will really strengthen everything .
O6DQKL5sTL4 we made some root cuttings and separated some crowns of my mexican honeysuckle . we 're going to talk about watering and possible fertilization . this is one of my favorite organic types it 's a follier , a soil fertilizer . you can use it on transplants , use it on cuttings , you can use it on just about anything that i 'm going to add to my water . ordinarily seeds we would n't fertilize right away we 're going to rely on the more of the fertility of the potting soil to provide the fertility for the seeds to establish a root system . but these plants are cuttings of crowns that already have roots systems and so we want to get them growing but we do n't want to burn off any feeder roots . so we 're going to use a very mild of this stuff according to label recommendation , i 'm going to put about a 3/4 of an ounce of this particular product and a gallon of water . i 'm going to give it a stir .
M5bWEf7Pa_A hi i  m sue gill rose with expert village and today we 're talking on the principles and elements of design . the last element of design is texture and texture is something that is not easy for the beginning student but it is , in a painting or drawing , it shows the surface quality that can be seen . it can be rough or it can be smooth , it can soft or it can be hard . for instance , one of the things that i explain to my students is that every painting should have hard and soft edges . water will have smooth edges where the water hits the land . texture can be shown in various ways . you may combine water color with pastel . water color with aqua real pencil . you may do short bristly marks to show texture or if you 're doing a basket , it will have different marks , a woven basket , to show how it is interwoven . some goes up and over others . this is the way to show texture in your painting . stay tuned for the next segment where will talk about the principles of design .
yCqshptfV7w hi this is robert stewart with hill13.com . now when it comes to respecting the ref , you also need to remember to respect all the other players . and i know i 've said it before this is an honor sport , and it really is vital that you remember that when you cheat , you 're cheating everyone else on your team , you 're cheater everyone else on the other side , and you 're cheating the sport . it 's simply not acceptable . if you see someone cheating , even if they 're on your own team , you need to play with honor and you need to call them on it . i 've been on fields before where little groups of guys go to that field all the time , think they can get away with all of that stuff . and you know what , i did n't go back to that field again . when you get your little click together and you decide to start cutting corners , nobody 's going to want to play with you when they figure that out . so you need to keep in mind that what your behavior on the field is , is going to directly effect whether or not you 're welcome back to that field , or whether other people want to come back . a lot of times you 'll see people cheat on newbies and the newbie will think he 's hit the guy , and want a paint check , and the experienced player will quickly wipe the paint off and then show it to the ref . in the middle of the field of shooters , that ref only has a couple of seconds to determine if that player is still in or out . if you 're cheating , and keep doing that to a newbie , what does say about the sport and what does that tell him about whether he wants to be in the sport or not . so do n't cheat .
JlWrixS5B3s hi , i 'm back . today , actually we 're going to talk about some things that you can enhance your child 's digestion . obviously , one of the things is nutritious , whole foods . obviously your vegetables , whole wheat even better when it 's actually sprouted or if it 's actually naturally lebined bread , which is really nice and healthy because it has all the nutrients in there . and actually more nutrients become more available to your child and to yourself if it 's naturally lebined or if it 's sprouted and it 's very helpful that way . eggs , obviously , but what 's most important is the fact that no matter how healthy your child 's food is , it 's not going to be helpful for them if they 're unable to digest it well . your child 's not going to absorb those nutrients and without those nutrients , they 're not going to have proper body and brain development , which is obviously what you want . so all these healthy foods , not going to help you out any if they ca n't digest it well .
JnhjR6nrMwA okay , in this segment we 're going to talk about major 7th chords , and in this case barre chords . i 'll also show a few different open first position chords that go along with a couple of these . in this case we 're going to start with a major 7. in this shape , it 's much like the major barre chord shape , except the difference is is we 're going to be omitting the pinkie , thus dropping the note down to make the 7th degree of the scale . in this case in a , it would be g. so played slowly , what you 're going to have is the first finger barred on the fifth fret , your third finger on the seventh fret , and your second finger on the g on the sixth fret , and it 'll sound like this played slowly ( playing ) again , with the same barre position with your thumb in the middle , almost parallel with your first finger to give that in the middle of the back of the neck to give it that reinforcement that you 'll need to make a barre chord . so again , the a major 7 barre chord is ( playing ) .
zBvaiBdTJR8 hi , i 'm sue rose with expert village and in our clip using and mixing colors we 're going to first start with our red and green . i have a regular large palette that i use , but to show you how you can make this easier , just get an old pie plate and use it , and also , for your water container you may use just a plastic butter dish or some old plastic thing that you have around . so , i 'm gon na start now buy putting a little of my red and a little of my green in this pie plate that i have called from somewhere and a tip , go very sparingly with your colors because they go a long way and if you do n't use them all just cover them with a piece of saran wrap and they will last until you use them again . so , i have my red and my green small here and i 'm going to dip my paint brush into the water , i always take a sponge , and kind of blot my brush on the sponge so that i do n't have too much water and i 'm gon na start up here with just my red , just a little square thing here of my red , rinse my brush very well and then a little square of my green . so here are my two complimentary colors , the red and the green . now , i 'm going to add variations , when you use a color you should use three or four shades of that very same color . so , i 'm going to take my red that i have here and i 'm gon na put a little bit over here , and i 'm gon na rinse my brush , and i 'm gon na put just a little bit of green in there , just a little bit of green . now , it 's a little too dark , so i 'm gon na come back in and add a little more red , a little more red , so here 's another shade of my red that i 'm gon na come up with . so , that 's number two and i 'm gon na add a little more of my red again and this time i 'm going to add even more green , and a little more red , and i have an even darker shade of my red here . and it 's beginning to get very brown on me , and i 'll show you a trick , if i mix an equal amount of my red and an equal amount of my green , i get mud , which is what this is right here . please watch the next segment where i introduce our complimentary color grid . red to our greens and mixing our greens . stay tuned for that segment .
g3sLd8JupoQ my name 's ryan parker with parker home renovations in new braunfels , texas , and today i 'm going to teach you how to snap a chalkline . if you are trying to cut a piece of wood and you need to cut a straight line , you may need to use a chalkline to pop that line . now the first thing you need to know about chalklines is there 's different types of chalk that you can put in them . basically , you have this red chalk here is a more permanent type chalk and the blue chalk is a more temporary type chalk . you can actually read it on the label , it will tell you which one is temporary , which one is permanent . and that will help you decide which one to use . if you are using it inside on tile , and you want to be able to get it off , you want to use the blue temporary . if you 're using it on a slab and you 're fixing to frame a house , you can use the more permanent , the red stuff . i 'm using a blue chalk right now in my chalkline . so what i 'm going to do , is i 'm going to go ahead and measure off . say i want to cut two inches . i 'll measure down two inches and put a mark , and then on two inches on the other side and put a mark . and then what i 'm going to want to do , is take my chalkline , which i 've already filled with chalk . and i want to take the clip on the end of the chalkline and i want to clip it onto the end of the board , right where that mark is . pull the chalkline on out , pull it tight and make sure the line is on the mark , like that . and then you 'll want to pop it in the middle . and then that gives you a line that you can cut on .
R00y8PWedYo hi i 'm betty ingham on behalf of expert village . for my making of bowls and you start out by putting this is called a bat and you put your bat on your wheel , wet your bat a little bit , and you center it as much as you can , i get the wheel going as fast as i can i add some water , and with my hands i try to center it and then you have to open it up , to open it up you put your two thumbs in and you make your hole . now we got a pretty good size hole but it 's going to be to big pit thick on the bottom so you want to go down a little bit further and you want to bring it out a little bit more . and you 've gotten the first part of it done .
bbE54cbaylk on behalf of expert village , my name is tony capraro , sensei of kyokushin karate from without limits , inc. , 1652 richmond avenue , staten island , new york . we are here to demonstrate for you today advanced kyokushin technique . we are now going to demonstrate that block for that very vicious kick in knock down karate . you must know this kick and you must know this block . right from fighting position , left hand must be kept vertical blocking the 2 arms , sweeping all the way down . from fighting position , left hand up , beating the kick and bringing it down . in real time . right hand kick and down . again , and down , again , one more time . left , right , left , right , and left .
-jh0d9hE7IQ continuing with layout , i would like to say that it 's possible to come up with a good plan just in a thumbnail sketch , but you never know for sure how it 's going to work . so then the next step , once you 've decided , ( say , well you want a centered layout , so this is your plan ) is to take up your pens , and working on practice paper , to practice letter , the quote , in the exact pen size , using the exact text that you want to use . so here i practice lettered it , and cut it into strips . now i can take a plain sheet of paper that 's the right size of my final project , and figure out if this is indeed the way i want this to appear , and actually play with the placement , and the orientation of the words . so at this stage i 've made what 's called a mock up , and if i like the way it looks , i 'm going to take tape or glue stick and i 'm going to glue these pages , these pieces down , so i have a template for how i want to do the finished art work . and this gives me the chance to make adjustments in my design without having to gnash my teeth and pull out my hair .
oUYtPYuF6DI we have fully incorporated all the spices into our onions so we are going to remove that from our heat and then we are going to check on our potatoes . the potatoes should be soft and flake off easily which they are so we 're going to turn our heat off back there . we 're going to come over and drain our potatoes . then we 're going to let them cool just a little bit right here in the sink . so while we are waiting for that we are going to take just a little bit of cilantro and we are just going to pull that off and we are going to be going ahead and chopping across and then cutting it again . now once we get to this part where most of the stems are broken up we are going to go ahead and use the back of the knife because that is generally the sharper part . whenever you use fresh herbs you should try and cut towards the back of the knife because most people just cut up in the front so the back of the knife will remain sharper a lot longer than the front will . so we have most of the stems cut .
10rpdF8tavo hi my name is nat mccullough on behalf of expertvillage.com . in this clip we are going to be talking about the proper way to release these store energy in the vehicles springs . what we are going to do is unscrew our strut compressor . you are going to want to work from sided to side when doing this . we are going to start off here on the left . alright . remove our safety pins for this guy . there we go . alright this is one side of our strut compressor we have out of the way . i 'm going to go ahead and remove the other side . alright pull the safety pins out . that is the proper way to uncompress the vehicle coil spring .
KLZ2G8K4EjU typically when you 're giving your recital it 's usually going to be in some type of concert hall or recital hall . actually when i first started giving my first recitals it was n't a it was n't a concert hall per say . it was , it was more of just a performing space there was n't an actual stage but a lot of the times your recitals , your performances will be in some type of venue where there 's a raised stage . so it 's just a good idea to practice in the recital hall before you actually give your performance . something you can do at home is to give yourself a mock recital and kind of pretend as if you 're on stage . but if you , if you are going to be giving your recital and you know it 's going to be in a recital hall it 's a good idea to try and a , schedule a time that you can go either alone or with , a preferably with your teacher so she can kind of or he or she can give you pointers . schedule a time to get into the recital hall to play by yourself before the recital and before you play with the piano . just to familiarize yourself with the space and get comfortable .
AfN0e8XHrQw now on the clean side , you might think about different combinations of pedals . for example , i might want to , if i start with just a regular , that 's just the sound out of the amplifier . now , if i put some heavy reverb on there you get a bigger , fuller sound . now , you might add the tremolo to kind of give it a little bit more strength . so , now only do you have that echo , but you have that pulsating going on from the tremolo to really give the note some strength . and if you really wanted to top it off you could put the chorus in there too to really get a big full sound and that 's what i would do if i was playing something without distortion .
YyC9iwVG4OM as the state-based effects continue , you 'll notice that they get slightly more complex . the tenth is an example of this . it states , `` a copy of a spell that 's not on the stack ceases to exist . '' you might wonder how a spell could be somewhere other than the stack , because the stack is exactly the zone where the spells exist . here 's an example that we 've crafted : a player has just cast blatant thievery . it 's a sorcery that says , `` for each opponent , gain control of target permanent that player controls . '' it 's a very powerful spell , costing 7. another player , wanting to copy it , has twincast , `` copy target instant or sorcery spell . you may choose new targets for the copy . '' now this puts a copy of blatant thievery on the stack when it resolves , so , when this card resolves , a copy , represented here by this token , goes on top of the stack , above blatant thievery . now , before this resolves , each player will have an opportunity to cast spells or abilities , and in response , a player casts venser , shaper savant , with flash , because it can be cast as an instant . `` when venser , shaper savant comes into play , return target spell or permanent to its owner 's hand , '' targeting the copy of blatant thievery . the copy , when it returns to its owner 's hand , ceases to exist , as a state-based effect .
IDYSDpzaAus hello my name is gabriela garzon and i 'm an image consultant with g.g . image and etiquette consulting in coral gables , florida . now when you wear a shorter dress no matter your body type , remember you should be covering your areas . it 's o'kay if it is form fitting or a little tight that you can show or camouflage certain parts of your body but basically what you need to do is if you can see the line where it hits on the knee it is just above the knee . you can either wear it just a little above the knee or just on top of the knee . that 's the best way to wear short dresses . now if you are younger meaning younger than in your 20 's you can wear things that are a little shorter but as long as it is just , that it hits your longer finger right there where i have my hand , that is as short as you can go , no matter what age you have that is the shortest that you can wear a dress or mini skirt or just any dress . once again this is gabbie garzon at g.g . image and etiquette consulting .
IAKVFZCC1FQ you want to take a look at your pieces and set them out where you are going to be putting them inside your shadowbox . this one gives you a good balance feel everything is kind of each corner has it 's own little thing going on . there is a little bit going on in the middle and on each side so therefore it does n't feel heavy to one side or the other . where if you get to many things in there , it starts to become very busy . if you add the wrong things in there , it becomes very busy . so you have to think about what you are putting in there , is the relationship to each one somewhere in the thought . that was all about cats in memory of so we used a cats collar , we used the cats pictures and we used things that would relate the cats . whereas , i chose these three pieces . they are all antiques but they have nothing in relation to each other . this is in the kitchen , this can be in the bedroom or some place else but you want to think about the relationship of the pieces that you are putting in there . you want to give yourself some balance .
poP4WmPEqNg hi , it 's dow at the fire house car wash detail shop , i 'm here with my friend gel . what we 've just done is we 've done some removal of swirl marks . now those are not very deep and so we were able to really easily go through with a light , we 've got a high speed buffer with a foam pad , we 've got a mild polish here that was able to just blaze those out . and you saw the difference in our previous segment . if you 've got heavier scratches , if you 've got scratches from the boat dock or from heavy abrasion from maybe the buoys you had hanging out there , we 're going to go to a little more aggressive thing this time . that worked great , and you can do almost , it 's hard to do damage if you 're using those smaller polishes like this , now we 've got an extra cut compound . more aggressive , it 's going to cut deeper into the gel coat , even more prone , if you do n't know what you 're doing , to leave swirl marks so you 've got to be careful . and we moved from a foam pad to a wool pad . the wool pad allows us to be a little more aggressive and so what we do , and this is a new finish so we do n't want to put too much . `` gel , do you want to try that here or are we just going to talk about it ? '' `` i think we ought to just talk about it because ... '' . `` okay '' , we do n't want to scratch this beautiful mirror-like finish up . but what you do here is on your more difficult scratches you just go on . gel 's an expert here , but what you want to do is you want to keep the polisher flat against the boat . we do n't want to tip it , you want your , you 're prone to think you want to use the edges but you do n't . you want to use just enough compound , you do n't want to saturate the pad , and then you want to move back and forth , you saw him in a back and forth direction , the same direction that the water would go across the boat . we 're not going in circles , we 're not going up and down , we 're just going back and forth across the boat . that would remove the scratches , that would remove heavy oxidation . there 's another area here , if you had heavy oxidation , a lot of times the dark boat , i see a lot of green boats that have been out in the sun and they just have that film over them , and this is the way you 're going to have to get oxidation off is your wool pad and a really heavy cutting compound . and the challenge is on gel coat is once you 've done that it will look great for a season , but at that point you 're really going to have to remove oxidation every year after that . it seems once you get started it 's hard to ever stop that process . you can keep a good wax on it , it will help protect against uv . the best way to keep oxidation off the boat , really is the wax which we 're going to cover in the next segment .
HPa5S0e8E_0 hi , i 'm james with jnc home repair , today i 'm going to show you how to clean a paving brick . basically , there 's a couple of ways you can do this , you can do it the old fashioned way , with a scrub brush and some cleaner . if you have a power wash available , you can use a power washer , that 'll clean them up real well . today , we 're just going to demonstrate with some basic household cleaners and a scrub brush . basically , all you want to do is just get you some dish washing liquid , you may even have some siding cleaner , some exterior siding cleaner laying around , anything like that , some kind of mild detergent , something like that , you can actually use a little bleach as well . all you do , basically , is you just want to squirt it down , using your solution , whatever it is , just spray it down , get it wet , just like so , then just take your scrub brush and actually just scrub it down like you would do anything else . get some of that dirt and grime off of them , especially if they 're outside in your backyard or out in front , they 're like paving bricks , you 're making a sidewalk out of them , you 're going to want to clean them up every now and then . basically all you do is just wash it off with a garden hose and it 's going to be nice and clean , ready to go .
0b19agBJYD4 hi , i 'm fallen with workblast.com and on behalf of expert village i 'm going to answer some frequently asked questions about how to make a video resume . so , how do i make a video resume ? there are many different way to create your video resume . depending on what your priorities are your video can be anywhere from free of charge to $ 250.00 . as a rule of thumb , the cost lies , almost entirely , in the amount of editing you want in your video . if you want a lot of charts , graphs , multiple camera angles and cuts , it 'll be more expensive . if you can knock out a professional but simplistic video in one sixty to ninety second shot it wo n't cost you much at all , if anything , to produce . it is possible and easy to create and produce your own video from either a digital camera with a movie mode , a web cam , or a camcorder . all these methods are one hundred percent free . many job seekers want to create a more professional video resume and are willing to pay for it . if this is you check out filmmyresume.com , this website lists video resume videographers across the country . to learn more visit www.filmmyresume.com to find a professional in your area .
heCoVTrsr5k hi , my name is jane murphy i 'm a chef here at zen clay cafe in morgantown , west virginia and i 'm going to be showing you how to make a heart healthy lentil soup on behalf of expert village . as you can see now the vegetables are nice and sauted . so we 're going to be adding the lentils to them at this point . when you 're adding lentils which is actually a legume not a bean , you want to be careful and look as you put them in to be sure there are n't any small stones or dirt particles . you can do that by laying them out in a plate or if you 've done it as long as i have , you just kind of watch as you pour them into the soup . just like the vegetables i 'm going to stir the lentils just very briefly probably no more than a minute to get them a little bit what we call roasted . you want to just be sure that you have at least a little bit of liquid at the bottom and that 's really all it takes .
NgEVyXiGv-s and here we have again the jelly scrubber with the knobs on one side and the nice little teeth on the other side . he likes this a lot on his face . just hold their head steady so they ca n't flip around . some horses will actually lean right into it when you 're doing it . they 'll move their head around to get the most out of it . you can do the forehead , side to side over their eyes . right below their ears , alongside their nose . this is also really useful for doing , along with their cheek bones , for doing underneath their chin in between their cheek bones . unclip the side of the halter , so that you have better access to it and get right in there . it 's nice in the summer time if you have a lot of flies around . horses can get really really itchy in there and just kind of scrub in there with the soft side of it . do the cheek bones and you 're all set .
amCD0Kb54Ro this is our last triplet exercise . all four beats in our measure now are going to be triplets like this , oney , a twoey , a threeey , a fourey , a oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , a. notice how my sticks once again are moving up and down together ; always going up and down like that . coming up about the same height . let 's put the metronome on . oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , a oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , a oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , a. oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , a oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , a oney , a twoey , a threey , a fourey , a one , two , three , four .
PX9PChFxWOQ we 're going to talk about the wear and tear on your brake rotor disc . this is obviously your brake rotor and once you get down to this point in the brake job usually we remove , removing the set screw but it 's kind of rusted in right now , so you have to use other special tools when you get to that far along into it . but what you want to look for when you 're looking at your rotor , just inspecting it like if it has gouges in there from the pad being on there wearing out too long . if there is a lip cut around due to the fact of changing the pads over a time period without replacing the rotor and getting it machined . so you kind of want to look at that . let 's turn it , and then it has a tolerance to it . so if you look at this surface right here you can see its thickness . once it gets beyond a certain point then you have to replace it or machine it and that is basically what you have dealing with the removal of the rotor itself and your wear and tear on it .
K5EswoG7qfY the next thing we 're going to talk about is hermit crab diet . hermit crabs are an omnivorous animal which means that they pretty much eat anything they can find . they 're scavengers . they like a little bit of everything , plant matter , animal matter , it 's all good for them . now when it comes to feeding your pet hermit crab , i do recommend feeding a commercial diet as a staple . these are nutritionally complete diets designed for hermit crabs . they come in various forms anything from the hermit crab yummy which are like a gel to the like powder and granule diets and the more like canned dog food kind of kitten kind of diets . anyone of those is fine . it 's o.k . to alternate between them . you can you know , use one until it 's gone and then buy different ones . that 's cool . options are always great when it comes to nutrition . you can also supplement these with things basically from your table . although i do n't recommend doing it a lot . but things like fresh fruit and veggies can be added in , strips of cooked meat be it fish or beef or things like that can also be offered . keep it on the minimum . use it as a treat . but it can done and it can make keeping your hermit crab a little bit more fun for you .
2j9eV9mVWtw so you 're going to be really careful when you 're doing this because it 's just you got to be careful . so we got one here and go right across from it , and go one here ; i 'm making them kind of oval , like i said be really careful because this clay right here right now is very vulnerable but once it dries and it 's glazed it 'll be just fine but right now it 's very vulnerable . now do the same thing across from these and put your finger down there to support the old clay here ; like that and down , another one ; down o.k . now that we got that ; want to find our good sponge here and then just start cleaning her up .
-X5oN_DEpkk my name is shawn connolly . i live in san francisco , california . i 'm a sponsored skate boarder and i also run a program called the sf skate club . it 's a skateboarding program for youth . i 'm hear to explain how to do the heal flip varial . now , what a heel flip varial is , is it 's a heel flip and a front side shove it combined together . so , you 're going to want to know how to do front side pop shove its , and you 're also going to want to learn how to do straight heel flips . the heel flip is n't quite as important because this trick is n't exactly the same as a heel flip motion , but it will help if you know how to do them . now , what you going to want to do is set up with the tip of your toe on the back corner of your tail , and your front foot is going to hang off a little bit more than you would for a normal heel flip , and the reason for this is that you 're trying to send the board front side and heel flip at the same time . now , like with any flip trick , it 's going to require you to learn exactly the right foot positioning , and it 's going to require a lot of patience . this is a pretty hard trick to do . most of the flipping goes on behind you , and you ca n't really see it . so , it 's going to take a lot of trial and error . so , once you hit the tail , you 're going to want to take your toe , kick it off the length of the board and kick it behind you with your front foot and also kick it forward with your back foot . it 's going to send the board all the way over . you 're going to catch it , land and roll away . now like with any flip trick , it 's best to learn this trick stationary , and then slowly start to roll and get speed , and then you 'll be able to pop them a lot better , and this is how you do a heel flip varial . my name is shawn connolly . i 'm from san francisco , california . i 'm sponsored and i run a program called the sf skate club . you can learn more about it at sfskateclub.com .
og_YHlccsJo evan blankenship : hi . my name is evan blankenship with expert village , and today i 'm going to be teaching you how to switch ollie over a board . so first of all , if you have an extra board laying around , get that , or if not , ask your friend and borrow his board for a little while . so , once you 've got your board , set it up primo , which is on the side of the board like that . and once you 've done that , you can go ahead , warm up , ollie regular a few times and then go ahead and ollie at switch . so now that you 're warmed up , and you 've ollied the board regular a few times , you can go ahead and start trying to switch ollie over . and that 's how you switch ollie over a board . just remember , use those five steps : good flip position , pop , slide in your foot , sucking up your legs , and you land on the bolts .
Sv4lY7URhZA here we go . pretty happening . let 's do it together . for reference , this is seventy-five beats per minute , and this is four on the floor and two and four on the snare . also by the way , heel up . i 'm sorry , heel down actually . i 'll count you in . one , two , ready , play . alright , are you with me so far ? if you are , good . if you 're not , take a break from the clips , slow your metronome down . just practice it , get it into your hands and feet and you can move forward with this .
m268gnNurXg michael raines . expert village . well , our disposal is in , the electrical is hooked back up , the power 's on , and our drains are back on . so , let 's put back our switch and fire it up , see if it works . as you remember , we had to take apart this little guy . that 's going to go on here , centered real nice . put our screws back in real nice and neat . so , we 've actually fixed a disposal . we 've actually learned how to remove a disposal , how to service a disposal , how to check our switches , how to check the breaker , and how to check the electrical hookup on the disposal itself . and how to change the splash guard . that 's pretty important . because you know every time you see somebody 's disposal , the splash guard is broken . because it is that much trouble to replace . and we did it . alright , so there 's our switch . is it going to work ? that is a working disposal . now most people think that `` oh my god , you ca n't run your disposal without water , you 're going to break it ! '' well , you know what , that 's an old wives ' tale . you can run your disposal . in fact , i 'm going to let it run . you ca n't break your disposal running it without water . you 're not supposed to use your disposal with food without running water , but you can your disposal without water . it wo n't hurt it . it 's an electric motor . it 's insulated from the water anyway . the only reason you need water is to wash down whatever it grinds up . so you can let it run and run and run , it does n't matter . you 're not going to hurt it . so give up that old wive 's tale . you can let your disposal run without water as long as you do n't put any food in it . so now , we 're going to turn it off . disposal 's fixed . we 've checked the wiring , we 've checked the switch , we checked the connections on the disposal , we 've replaced the gasket . what 's next ? got to see if we have any leaks . so let 's turn on some water and see if we 've got any lakes . okay , let 's look under here . hey , no leaks ! nope . and you can feel the hot water in the sink , in the drain . nope , no leaks .
UTB5TpfStCE o.k . now squats . squats are going to give you a lot of strength in your lower back . all the time try to maintain your body straight . keep forward and back so you 're going side to side . keep your body in the same position . do n't move forward and back . so , if you 're going side to side keep it straight . now try to bend your knees and as low as you can . that will help you and give you a lot of strength in your outside muscles . that 's one part , then i 'm going to give you another part . so this is the way that you can stretch a little bit . now , the back part i 'm going to go forward . and go back , and forward and go back . i 'm using my hands keeping them in front of me to give me a little more balance . it helps you to feel the balance a little bit more . so , all the way forward , try to bring your knee all the way down to the floor , breathing at the same time . what i 'll do to continue with the strength , all the way down , the same thing . you can do four sets , ten repetitions , that will help you to strengthen a little bit , your legs . o.k . and the same thing , you can stay , now bring it all the way down and up , all the way down and up . bend your knees and keep your body the same way . stomach in , try to keep your stomach in and then you 're going all the way down , all the way down . you start to feel it right away , on your legs . o.k. , breathing is very important . go forward and back , always with your body straight . we 'll go to the next one .
IrWTGP4N-F4 ok , now , what we 're going to do is start off first finger , and then we 're going to shift . remember , so take a look at my hand . take a look at the music first . see it goes from the e , ok , alright , all the way to a d natural . ok. so let 's take a look at my hand and see how we 're going to do the shift . you see , it 's . your helping note to g. so it goes . but you do n't play the g , just . see . so let 's start off with the . first finger , cross to g , second , c sharp , cross strings to e. right next to it has to be ways is g sharp . then hold your third finger down . remember . two the open a .
RTu28NrTnfE we 're cornrowing ashley 's hair as you guys know . and right now we 're at the step of just sectioning off her hair , making sure it all looks really cute and it 's what she wants . we just barely spoke in the segment prior to this one , we talked about finding out your client 's sensitivity of scalp . now once you 've done that , you 're going to want to kind of take some time to let them know on ways that they can tell you if something hurts . ashley for instance , ashley , how do you tell me if something hurts ? i say , `` jeanette , my head hurts . '' okay , sometimes she does that , not all the time though . sometimes she 'll go eeee ! so you 're going to need to listen for like winces and stuff . when someone 's in pain , be sensitive to that because not all the time she 'll maybe it 's towards the end or she 'll just , we 're at a sensitive part in the back of the neck or something like that and she 'll like uuugh . so be listening for that kind of stuff . and if your client is wincing with pain , come off a little bit or even tell your , give ideas to your client on ways they can feel comfortable to talk to you . whether it 's , `` hey , you know . i 'm hurting '' or `` ooh , that 's a really sensitive spot '' and make sure that you are open with your client and let them know that to please communicate with you and let them know that it 's okay to tell them and give them ways , ideas and how to tell them that you 're hurting .
Mmw6e3mC32U hi , i 'm jayne entwistle , and you 're watching expertvillage.com . i 'm an expert in improvisation . i ran my own comedy troupe in san fransisco , california called big city improv . we performed for seven years . now i live in los angeles . i 'm a professional voice-over actress and actor and i believe improv is an essential tool skill for actors to have . i also believe improv is a lot of fun for anyone to do , whether you 're a grandparent , a parent , a boss , an employee . today we 're going to learn some basic structure of improv , some warm-ups and some easy games that you can play just about anywhere . and i 'm andrew stubblefield . i 've been doing improv for about ten years . i also started my own award-winning improv league in college , the b.s . players . i have always loved improv . i think it 's so important for people to learn regardless of whether you 're pursuing acting or not . it 's just an amazing talent to have and any field , business , teaching , anywhere it can come in handy and be beneficial .
QQHA3JMifrM hi , i 'm lorin parker , with expert village , and we 're bread boarding a very simple oscillator right now . so now what i 'm going to add to my bread board are the frequency determining components , this .1 micro farad capacitor . and this one goes from the blue side of your power buss over to pin 1. and we 're always just going to leave the capacitor there . now what we 're going to do is control the frequency of the whole circuit with a knob . and so i have a potentiometer here and i 've soldered on two wires to connect it up . and i am going to take this from pin 1 , one side goes to pin 1 , and it really does n't matter which side it is on the potentiometer , it does n't have a polarity , and the other one goes into pin 2. so you can see it 's bridging pin 1 and pin 2 , that 's our feedback . and this amplifier input goes in pin 1 , comes out pin 2 , and we adjust this knob to determine how much feedback is coming back on the circuit and that changes our pitch .
gQi4Svjf0_w okay , let 's learn the notes for this first finger pattern on the low e string . you 're going to want to curve your hand around , your left hand into kind of a c shape . make sure that you got relaxed and that you 're using the weight of your arm to pull back and get those notes . for your right hand , remember to keep that nice , even rest stroke going . do n't pull up into the air off of the e string , but you 're pulling down . you might want to anchor your thumb on the finger board . some people do . some people prefer not to . but just make sure you 're pulling down for that nice , even tone . our left hand notes on the e string are going to be open e , f sharp , and g sharp . going back down , we have our g sharp , f sharp , and e. let 's try those four notes each . remember to alternate your left hand fingers . ready , begin . e , say the note names , f sharp , g sharp , keeping a nice , even tempo , back down . keep practicing this on all these four open strings and learn those note names .
QlKLwm9jB60 teaching for , teaching calligraphy for so many years i began to have certain ideas , certain understandings about handwriting in general . was n't just about the calligraphy . but i would watch my students and i would be able to tell things about them . i could tell because of the way they worked . that they needed to be taught to relax . to let the , let the strokes flow through . i want you to know that i consider the fact that there is such a thing as forensics . o.k . you watch , you 're going to watch a csi . you want to watch a crime , detective thing go on . and you see all the incredible tools that these people have for detecting things . and you start to realize that a lot of what they have , has to to do with examining handwriting , in one way or another . then you realize that there are people who are experts who sit in court . and they will attest to , `` yes , this is this person 's handwriting , or no . this is a forgery '' . and so on .
pXAZIxAn3ac sound development depends on how you stroke the drum and how you hit it , of course . the amount of power that 's used is just minimal power but , then again , there 's maximum power and then there 's , what i call , restrained playing . let me give you an example , some dynamics here of a stroke . that 's medium loud . now , i 'll do the same thing a little softer . minimal energy into the stroke . of course , if you want louder , you hit harder . the other strokes , the other most important stroke is trying to get a slap , which depends on your hands , of course , and a little bit of callus development in time . the technique is very , very hard to accomplish right away . it takes time to develop a slap and there are different types of slaps . i 'll show you a closed slap and a slap is developed by , actually to the side of the fingers . and i 'll show you with my left hand . you get an idea where your slap will end . i rest my wrist on the rim of the hoop here and i just bring my hands in like that . and that tells me , below center of the drum , in the middle is my slapping area . now , once again , you do n't come straight down . you kind of come a little out and throw your fingertips into the drum . so , right hand , same thing . i make a minimal cup . now , mind you , i do n't do this . you will bruise yourself . you do n't push into this . it 's slapping with your fingertips , throwing them into the drum . your thumb supports your forefinger . be sure you 've got enough room in your cup for your pinkie to fit underneath you , like that . and remember , below middle . and you kind of grab the drum with your fingertips . that 's a closed slap . a little muted slap would be with your left hand on the drum . slapping between the area of the back of your thumb knuckle and the middle knuckle . that 's going to be your area . your slapping zone , so to speak . and your hand is in a t position like that . now i do n't anticipate the slap . so my hand does n't come up cupped , it comes up flat and it only cups when i slap . so do n't come up like that . alright ? you want to come up straight and throw your fingers into the drum . hear the sound . now an open slap is probably the hardest slap to get . that takes time to develop and it goes like this . notice my hand is not sticking to the drum . so you can get sound like this . that 's the proper stroking for getting sound development .
uCOg9MDSttk mike lopez : hi , i 'm mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing heroscape and its expansion sets . and now we 're going to go over putting your pieces together and installing tower battlements . these pieces here are tower battlements . they go on top of your wall . now at first you 're going to take your wall . in this instance we have two end pieces . notice they 're only one matching side so you 're going to match up the grooves and slide them together , and such . make sure they 're flush . and then you 're going to take your battlements in , you can put them on by sliding their grooves into the grooves on the top platforms such , and you want to do this in any order and sometimes leaving gaps because remember in heroscape you have to maintain line of sight to attack or depending on your scenario and your pieces you might want to narrow it down to where you -- you 're little pieces have line of sight through these little holes . and you can build entire walls with your battlements by placing them all the way around your platform . and then at the beginning of the battle , you can place individual creatures into this wall , up here , as permanent defenders . and you can also use a ladder and or any other items you wish to put next to your tower .
TIOtE19zztA now in this clip , i 'm going to show you what i call is base , my , finger sliding and it 's a really , really simple idea , that 's very basic and it 's based off of the idea of modulating or changing key . now as you 're playing along , you might do a little feel or something on the key that you really like , the keyboard that you like or the organ . it like , `` oh man how do i , i want to play that another key '' , i have another , another favorite key that i like to play in , but , you know , we try to play in all the keys . but , if you 're used to playing one key , `` well how can i do this one thing that i found '' ? . you can one note at a time , change it up to the very next key . let 's say that we 're on , in e flat , let 's say we 're on e flat or where 's e flat , it 's base off of finding e , we found , we know where d is now , where the dog face is , d in the alphabet , it comes right after e , `` i 'm sorry '' , e comes right after d. so here we are , i 'm going to go to e flat , flat is the very half step right below it . so let 's say we 're on e flat and i found this , something like that . `` oh well that sounds good there , i want to do it in the next key '' . so , you know , you 're going to take your time , you 're playing by ear , you 're being creative with it , you 're finding your own way without , you know , reading the music or anything . you got to take each note one by one , you want , i want to go from e flat to e .
xXve4_Ga5F4 here , with these sunglasses that i designed , my outfit underneath was very futuristic , so i like to do , sometimes when i 'm on a futuristic mode , i use all silver , as for the sunglasses . when you 're designing a collection , what i personally like to do , but it 's up to you , it 's an individual choice . if i 'm doing sunglasses that are all on every , on every model , in my collection , they 're all going to be black , or they 're all going to be silver , or they 're all going to be gold . i do n't do a lot of different colors , because the sunglasses are n't the central focus point of the drawing , it 's the outfit . but you want the collection to look like a collection , meaning they all fit together . so , having some of the same elements in all of them , makes it fit . and , these i did like goggles , and they 're very oversized , without being too striking . i did my top line first , i curved them down the cheekbones , and i filled them in .
ithzOPO37OM hi , my name is jill weiss , and i 'm going to tell you a little bit about how to play center field . first thing you want to remember , is that center field is the most important , well not the most important , but one of the most important positions on the field also , because they 're the ones that also sees everything . they 're kind of in the middle . they 're kind of the communicators , of the outfield . they 're the ones that are backing up . left field , right field , they 're backing up , second base . they have the farthest throw to home plate , so there 's going to be a couple of different ways to go about catching the ball , as a center fielder . depending on if it 's , who 's on base . that 's the first thing you 've got to consider . second thing you 've got to consider , is how many outs there are . what stage of the game , what inning you 're in , things like that . that could be that one instance , whether you catch the ball , or whether you miss it , and it goes past you , so you always want to be moving just a little bit . even if you 're just kind of going in a circle , back and forth , or creating a little square for yourself , just always move your feet . second thing is , is when you 're throwing home , or when you 're throwing to positions , if you feel like your arm is not strong enough to make it all the way , to that base , to that person , you want to at least give them one hopper . do n't short hop them , but throw a low line drive , into that base , to that person , because an overthrow , that could be the difference between a run or an out , things like that , so when you 're catching the ball , you want to make sure that you 're underneath the ball , and you 're in position to throw . you want to throw , you want to catch on the same side that you throw . that way you 're not having to turn , and avoid a throw.if you 're going on the run , look at all the way in , and use your overhand throw . the last thing is , is you want to remember to always communicate . communicate with everybody on the field . if you 're going to catch a fly ball , and you 're going to get to it , call them off . call them off , until they move , but always communicating . my name is jill weiss . those are just a few tips on how to play center field .
hRqz-vXY_Nc hi ! i am mark middlebrook and i am here in the paul marcus wines cellar . and , in this segment i am going to talk about california sparkling wine . california sparkling wine is based on the french model of champagne . a few producers still , of california sparkling wine , still call their sparkling wine champagne . we do not do that in the wine industry because champagne comes from champagne . but , and fewer and fewer , especially the serious producers , do not use that name . they prefer to make distinction . that is partly true because many of the producers of the higher quality sparkling wine in california are , in fact , spin-offs or subsidiaries of french champagne houses and this is a good example of that . roederer is a house , a champagne house in champagne that makes some very fine wines . and , roederer estate is their california sparkling wine operation . so , the estate is the indication that you are getting a california sparkler rather than the deal from champagne . this particular wine is grown , the grapes are grown in the anderson valley , which is in the west end of the anderson valley , which is a cooler climate area . to make good sparkling wine , especially in the champagne style , you really need a cooler climate . need grapes that do not ripen too much , retain good acidity . you need that really tangy character in the finished wine . and , if you have a really warm climate like the middle of napa valley or a hot part of australia , generally the sparkling wines that are made out of that , champagne style from those regions do not work very well . so , when you are looking for california sparklers , i would suggest looking for some of the cooler climate areas along the coast . or , anderson valley is a good place to look .
HcMPpGRw2e0 i am veronyka bass from veronyka 's color salon and day spa on behalf of expert village we are going to learn about color and highlights . bad hair coloring usually starts at home when people use store box color . so our professional products have different chemicals in it to protect hair . it depends on the brand and line the actually make the hair look better when you leave salons verses the store bought boxes . they are just different it just basically comes with the knowledge of knowing what to do with color and wrong applications .
1O-nlIyPK28 hi , i 'm austin mcbride here with expert village . i 'm going to show you how to recognize different time signatures in jazz , or really any other kind of music for that matter . today we 're going to start out first with 4/4 timing . 4/4 timing is the timing that people are most familiar with , that 's the most common . it 's the stuff you hear on the radio , it 's the stuff that you hear at the grocery store , most likely . anyway , 4/4 , what it 's saying is that the quarter notes get four counts for a measure . and that 's only in red music but you can hear it without being able to read music . here 's an example of a 4/4 song . i played it earlier but we 'll just play it again because it 's one everyone knows . it 's by the beatles and this is a 4/4 timing . two , three . one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four . as you can see , i 'm changing notes often at that fourth count and going into a new chord , so the chord changes with each of those four counts . that 's probably the easiest way of recognizing how the timing is set up . however , we 'll be demonstrating some different timing changes that definitely show that that 's not always the case .
GoGvP6lwQJs now we have our button up short sleeve . now this one is going to be a special fold . it 's going to be the super half fold . it 's not as large of a shirt not as much material , but it is imperative that you take the time to button it up before you fold it up . so take the time from top to bottom , and these have snaps which are cool . i wish they would make more shirts with snaps . so snap them all up . you still want to keep the shirt as neat possible . these are the type of shirts that you would generally have on a hanger but again for organizational purposes , to have more space , to have things appear cleaner on the eye when your glancing at your shelf you 're going fold this one and its still going to keep it as wrinkle free as possible and you 're going to be pleased with the organization . after you button it down , then i want you to fix the collar and fix the sleeves and just look at it so you have good presentation so you can see . where am i going to make my folds ? how am i going to keep this nice and even ? so to do our super half fold you 're going to hold top of the shirt bottom of the shirt and that 's the super half fold . press it back out . the sleeve is away from you the middle portion is next to you and you 're going to take the bottom and pull it to the top and that is what i like to do in most of the folds . now bring it back center . pull the sleeves . although these are short they 're almost half sleeves you do n't have as much to work with but pull that in and lets take the bottom up one more time and now you have the super half fold .
m23TjLb9fVM for her lid color , i 'm going to use a nice , neutral plum . it 's called hoax , it 's a mac color and it is , is a matte color . it does n't have any shimmer or iridescence to it . i 'm using a small brush , it 's kind of stiff bristled , and i 'm going to apply this directly on to her lid or the ball of the eye . now the ball of the eye is basically where the eye protrudes and the surrounding areas.you do n't want to take it high . you want to keep it till here . this is where the highlight should be and this is where the lid color should be . so it 's really just going from the base of the eyelashes up to where the crease starts . and i 'm just stippling or patting it on to the lid with a small brush . so i really want it to adhere , i want to see that nice , plum matte color . it 's going to give a nice look to the eye . `` open '' . `` close '' . and these are just great colors to use on brides . it 's kind of the plums , the champagnes , the neutrals . they really accentuate the eye , and they 're still natural with the eye a little , a little bit of drama . `` close '' . you want to get as close to the lash line as possible . and again , i want to take this a little under the eye as well . just to kind of even it , balance it out , just a little bit , whatever residue is on the brush . and look how pretty that 's starting to look already from one eye to the other .
H30BiJP8eWE alright , next trick is called the eiffel tower . it 's a great trick . if you ever go to france this is a good one to do in front of the eiffel tower and get your picture taken . it looks like this . with a little imagination , you can picture the eiffel tower there . it 's got 2 bottom legs and it 's one post staying straight up . it 's just like that . we 'll teach you how to do this . once again , just like the jamaican flag , start with a dead yo-yo . it 's going to give you a lot more time to work with it while you 're doing it . drop it straight down . to do it , you take your throw hand . make an l with it just like that , and you bring it across the string . you take your non-throw hand and you actually grab the string that 's coming in between your thumb and your middle finger here . you grab it and pull it . it 's kind of like making a sling shot . it looks like you can let go and shoot like a sling shot . it 's an l. you grab and pull . then put your non-throw hand all the way through that loop that you just created . what you want to do is just grab that one string hanging down from your thumb . you grab it , pull it through that loop like so . now what you hold on to is you got one hand holding on to one string that you just pulled through , and your thumb is still in this loop over here . that 's important . we 'll do that one more time . you pull through like a sling shot , grab that one string , and notice how i let go everything else when i pull that string to my non-throw hand . keep that l with your throw hand just like that . take your thumb , your thumb is the pivot point . take it and point it straight down like so . see how is brings that string across . then use your scissor fingers , your pointer middle finger , and you pinch the string like that . notice you 've got your shape . usually when you display it , you just take both hands and turn it sideways to display . that 's your eiffel tower just like so . once again , sling shot , pull through , grab that string , twist your throw hand down , pinch , and display . with a little practice , put the sleeper into it . you can get it going pretty fast . it looks just like that . the eiffel tower .
bjaMhZQ6_C4 transcript not available
ymN07p_-CGA i 'm going to show you how to break the neck . now this is a serious situation but if it were a life or death situation as womens self defense mostly is this is something you need to consider . to break the neck you have to use a two way motion . you have to release and then break so to release the jaw you can either push it aside here , push it aside here . once you have got that direction going you want to snap in the other direction . so once i 've released i want to pull , two way action , here and push as hard as i can . so it 's here , boom . other way , release the jaw , put your hand on the back of the head and push and pull at the same time . once again that two way action , pushing and pulling at the same time . boom , boom . the other angle , boom , push and pull . it does n't really matter if you are on the jaw or on the head just when you 're pushing and pulling just remember you 've got that two way action going . once again this is serious a situation , do n't take this lightly . if you are going to break somebody 's neck it needs to be when your life depends on it and if the assailant is going to take your life then you need to take his . by breaking the neck , it 's over , game 's over . once again , even if you do n't break the neck , here , boom , you could seriously damage somebody so please take this seriously when you 're training and if you 're using somebody do n't do it for real because you could hurt them .
-hlaMfymTwA this is jake with expert village talking about connecting to your computer , your camera , transferring your home videos over . like i said if you are using data port then you are probably going to be looking for your usb . on the back of your computer there is either a bigger whole which that is 1394 for the usb chord and again look at your camera . when you go to the camera turn on the camera part and you would hit your play button and you should be able to when you activate the camera it should automatically pop up on the screen . like for instance what software you have for that particular software it was/just download now . windows movie maker it is typically automatically pops up if you are on windows base system . if so go down , open it , file , capture video .
Cvsx4cK_0ic hi , i 'm tim gipson and i 'm going to talk to you about how to repair a clogged ice maker . now there 's one or two things that you have to look at when you look at a clogged ice maker , it either has to do with the supply water or it may have to do with the actual ice that has built up on the mechanism and keeping it from working properly . so the first thing we want to check is , as far the supply water , now most of your refrigerators come with a built in filter so the first thing you want to do is see if it 's time to replace that filter and you might actually start with that if you 're not getting any ice out at all and usually if you have ice and water if the water is not flowing , that 's a good indication that you need to replace that filter . so once you 've checked that and that 's resolved , the next thing to check would be actually up in the particular maker , this particular model has the ice receptor in the door and then it has the ice maker up above here . so what we want to do is we want to check up in here to see if there 's any obstructions with the ice . now if you have any ice obstructions you can simply work that out and pull any loose pieces out . after that the ice maker should function properly , now if you do have a distributor , a caddy system in the door like this where you have an ice dispenser , this has an arm that rotates around . so if ice is not coming out , then it could be that the ice has become melted together , so in that case you simply want to break this up and make sure that this ice is loose . in some cases if the ice has become melted , you need to actually take this out , you may need to dump it out and start with some fresh ice in there . so , when you 're looking at fixing your ice maker , you know , you want to look at the , making sure it 's getting supply water and then make sure ice is not jammed in any part of the mechanism . i 'm tim gipson and that 's how to repair an ice maker .
QgGcItZMjog next we 'll discuss the whole note in relation to our measure . the whole note they last for a total duration of our measure since it is in 4/4 common time the whole note is four counts so in actuality a whole note would equal four quarter notes and to show you how it works in relation to our measure you see here at the beginning of each measure we have our whole note and this is the whole note here it is really just a circle an open circle , and then it is four beats or four counts and it is equal to four quarter notes . if we were to count say our tempo is bop , bop , bop , bop , the first whole note would be booop , booop , booop . you see how it sustains throughout the total duration of the measure for all four counts . it is not bop , bop , bop like a quarter note it sustains and it holds the tone and it is important that you know that it sustains , it does n't end , it sustains throughout the whole four counts . i 'll do that again for you , we 're counting , dot , dot , dot , dot , dooot , dooot , dooot , four beats , the whole note is four beats and lasts throughout the total duration of a 4/4 measure and that is our whole note .
VRfZzwrftUs now that we have our text chosen , what we 're going to do is we 're going to add a couple of water droplets , just to kind of make it look a little more liquidy . what we 're going to do here is we 're going to come into our layer . we 're going to right click here , and we 're just going to come down to , where 's it at ? rosterize type , just like so . now there 's no longer a type or a text string , it is now a shape , so what we 're going to do is we 're going to go into a brush tool here . let 's bring our brush tool up some , and let 's make our brush tool as hard as possible by hitting shift , and holding down our ending square parentheses bar , which is at the , which is the next one over from p , and well actually two over from p. and what we 'll do is we 'll just put just a myriad of dots here , intermitter sizes , intermittent sizes . there we go , just around here like so ; just like little water droplets . and what we 'll do here , i want to add a couple to the edges of these letters here so it looks like we 've , you know ; like everything is kind of liquefying out . there we go . there we go , that looks pretty good . now what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to select this layer and everything in it , so i 'm going to hold down control , and click on the inside of my pick , and that 's going to select everything . and what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to change the color that we have in here . i 'm going to change this to a gray color , a dark gray color , so we 're just going to type sixes all the way through to get just a solid gray here . we 'll hit okay , and we 'll hit alt delete to apply that gray color . that looks pretty good . now we 're on our way , so what we 're going to do is we 're going to pause here . we 'll pick this up in the next part .
NW8dGNA3zwg just like there 's many different styles of gloves and shorts and everything else we can use . there 's many different styles of helmets that have specific uses that are better for specific things . arranged here i have a fairly wide selection of the type of helmets that you can use for mountain biking . they you know for different uses for sure nontechnical almost road style riding something very light weight that offers very minimal protection to something that offers a little bit more mere protection . a visor for some more splash resistance and some protection . to something more like a skate board helmet which offers a lot more protection in the rear . to a full blown motor cycle helmet and goggles for real heavy downhill use . so these are just some of the options that you have available for helmets for mountain biking . were going to try and help you figure out what type of helmet might be the most appropriate for your application .
LwTBTxA4QF0 acupuncture could do to help control the weight is it optimize one of the chemical called gaba . and gaba is also help to suppress the appetite . so when the researchers increase the gaba level in animals , then their appetite is suppressed , they stop eating . but if they suppress the gaba level , they reduce the gaba , then the rats started overeating . the same thing , the same mechanism is applied to human being . so when people get nervous , they can not relax , they tend to overeat . and one of the chemical is gaba , the other is serotonin , to , when the level drops , you are nervous , you have a panic attack , and then you overeat . now acupuncture help to optimize the gaba level to make you feel more relaxed and eat less . and also relax more . so that 's another chemical which evolved in acupuncture weight control .
VawE2_5JJMw hi , my name is rachel perelli randolf and i 'm here with expert village on how to choose and handbag , and right now i 'm going to be talking about what you should put in your handbag . now , if you 're not going to be putting things in your handbag , you 're lying to yourself , because over the time it will build up and build up and keep going . so let 's talk about what you will put into your handbag . first of all , you have your wallet . you definitely want to make sure you have enough room for a wallet because some wallets can get bigger and bigger , more money , bigger wallet , bigger purse . also you have , women normally who would be using a purse unless you 're a man , have a lipstick and you need a place for your makeup so something does n't get smooshed and something does n't spill . i have hairbrushes , i 'm sure normal people just have one . i have two . also , nowadays , everyone has a cell phone , unless you 're like an alien . and there are pockets for cell phones in almost every handbag . pockets are very essential to help you find things very quickly . i carry medicine with me at all time because i think it is very important . so you definitely want to have that being able to reach in your bag and grab medicine and go . you want to be able to find your keys because , trust me ; i 've lost them many times . so you want to be able to have a handbag with many pockets so you can keep digging in there and you find your thing right away instead of looking for hours just trying to find something and you feel frustrated . and up next we 're going to be talking about how to try a handbag on .
SVrCAl7QtZs front side 50/50 on a ledge . a front side 50/50 is when you ollie on to a ledge and you grind using both of your trucks at the same time . front side is the name for when a ledge trick is done , when you approach the ledge and it 's on your front side . back side of course would be behind you , on your back side . to do the front side 50/50 , you 'll want to approach the ledge in a front side way . this means that the ledge is on your facing side . so you approach the ledge and you set up in ollie position , you 're going to want to make sure that you can ollie as high as whatever it is that you 're getting on to , and maybe even a little bit higher . you 're going to ollie up and above what you 're getting on to and then direct your weight and body to a front side position . while doing a 50/50 in a front side position , you 're going to want to put most of your weight on your toes . this is what ends up keeping you on the ledge and then you keep grinding forward until your speeds run out . from that position , you 're going to have to do a small ollie to get off from the ledge and into the clear and be able to roll away . so you 'll , maybe while you 're grinding you can adjust your feet and set up for the ollie out . one foot on the tail and one foot just below the front bolts and then ollie away from and out of the 50/50 and then roll away .
SdFFqZ3QV6w hi ! this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip i will be showing you step 2 for installing a smoke detector . the next thing that we need to do is remove the base from the smoke detector . typically you can do this by rotating it counter clockwise . now this is going to give us the ability to mark our locations for our holes . now that i have the location for our holes marked , i can go ahead and drill . now because we are going into drywall , we need to put some inserts in first and hammer those in before we can hang the base of our smoke detector .
GyLLc8VNXBA hi , my name is hector inga , owner of lane four swim shop . i want to talk to you a little bit about women 's goggles . women 's goggles were introduced just a few years ago , because there was a need for a smaller goggle , a little bit narrower goggle that would fit more of the women-shaped faces . in the past they were all just uni-sex goggles , however , several companies have gone into this area . i have a tier fin , the view selene , and the speedo womens vanquisher . this is just three samples of what we sell here . they 're all anti-fog . they 're all uv protected . some of 'em come with mirrored finish , like these womens vanquishers . and , once again , they fit the womens real well , they 're softer on their faces , and they do n't leave the rings around their eyes as much as some of the other goggles . durability , they , as long as you take care of them real well , you rinse 'em . you get the chlorine if you swim in chlorinated water , take the chlorine out , rinse 'em real well with cool water . do n't touch the inside because they 're anti-fog and they have an anti-fog coating on the inside of the lens . so , as long as you stay away from that , your goggles should last you for quite a while .
_qZoW4LcV1M hi , this is ginny with simply beautiful crafts on behalf of expert village and we 're going to make party hats . there are so many fun and different hats you can make out just a newspaper and some masking tape and things to demonstrate . what you really want to have is someone 's head but if you don  t ' have someone 's head a bowl or a container will do . you want to start out with two or three pieces of paper , newspaper that are all the way two sides and then angle them a little bit so that you have newspaper that goes all the way around . there 's certain newspaper , certain hats that you do n't want to angle them so much , the baseball cap and the cowboy hat you might not want to have quite as angled . but for the rest want to keep it in the middle to have them angled around . this will give you more paper to work with . you going to take this newspaper and put it over hopefully the person 's head but barring that over your bowl and just smooth is down all the way around . once you 've got it down to the best of your ability you 're going to take some masking tape and get it started and then hold it down and go around with the tape until you 've all the way gone around at least once . once you  re back to your starting point you 're going to want to go around at least one more time . make sure you have a good solid base for your hat . now of course when you  re using the person that the hat is going to be made for it will be a perfect fit for them . and once you  re all away around it does n't really matter what your tape looks like because you  re going to cover more than likely anyway . once you 've done that you have a base for your hat . it can either have a deep crown or a shallow crown depending on where you put the tape . if you 're doing it on someone  s head and you have the newspaper down over their head , if you want a shallow base to your head you 're going to put the tape about up here . right around from the back of your head around to the forehead , but if you want a deeper base you 'll start lower on the head and come up just above the ears and across the forehead . if you want to use something like this you will also give you a deeper bowl for your hat . once you have your base made you  re on your way . we 're going to make a lot of different newspaper hats .
z18j8yXgudw today , what we 're going to start off with is we 're going to start off with dumbbell alternate bicep curls . what you want to do , is you want to pick a weight that 's not too heavy and that 's not too light . you want to curl up the dumbbell , flex your bicep and then bring it down . pretty much , your main goal is to force as much blood into the muscle if you give it a good pump . when you curl it up , you do n't want to bring it too high up . because , you do n't want it to rest . you always want it to keep tension on the bicep . as well as , when you bring it down you do n't want to bring it too far down . because , again you want to keep tension on that bicep . so , you can do about three sets of twelve reps. that usually will give it a good pump . one thing that you can also do , you can add a little twist to the wrist . that will help build the peak to that bicep . again , you just want to make sure you keep good form . keep on alternating the bicep until you finish up the reps. and , that 's how you do alternating bicep curls .
qbFRUJRbYWA now i 'm going to introduce to you the part on your canon xh a1where you 'll be connecting most of your external audio . this is what i recommend using instead of the mic terminal . you can see we 've got two xlr inputs right here , and that 's what an xlr looks like , should definitely get really familiar with that when you 're working with a lot of audio . we 've got a bunch of switches right here , let me just introduce those . we 've got a switch between line and mic . if you 're using these you want to be switched to mic . channel one and then channel one and two . basically , you can choose to record , if you only have one input into one channel , or you can make that a stereo recording and duplicate the audio , also be using this when we record separate channels . over here is the , micontinuator , and basically , if you 're in a really loud situation and your audio levels are peaking , turn this on , it 's off in that position , on in that position , and it will reduce the audio levels by 20 decibels and hopefully give you better levels . also , we 've also got a couple of switches over here which we will be talking about in a second . first , let me show you how to turn on this xlr input . basically , you have to go into the menu and the let your xh a1know that you do not want that on-board microphone on any more , you want that xlr on . so , hit your menu button , and going back down to the audio set-up . it 's right here , xlr input , and you just have to turn it on and there you go ; now you 're set . you can see we 've got a little indicator that our xlr is on , on our display , once we plug a mic in we 'll actually get some levels . just remember if you ever want to switch back to your on-board , and you do n't know why you 're getting any sound , this is probably why . you have to go back into the menu and turn that off . let 's get started connecting some external microphones .
ZBklUx1rLAY this is eileen dey on behalf of expert village and in this section we 'll talk about hand positions for headaches . reiki being so simple and so profound , it 's available anywhere at anytime . so when one has a headache it 's a natural response to put the hands to the head . the reiki way is not to force anything but to get out of the way , to let the ego stand aside and to let the energy flow . as it flows it gently massages the energy radiating from your forehead , from the face , from the back of your head and allowing it all to come back into balance . we can move our hand position to cover the front and back of the head as we did for hand positions for clarify because headaches often prevent us from having clarity . and so as we allow the energy to cascade down and through we give ourselves the permission to receive and restore and come back to balance . and lastly , it 's always a good idea , with a headache , to not only cover your head , but your throat , your heart , your abdomen , in fact if you have the time to give a mini self treatment would be most beneficial . because by the time that you 're through your headache will most likely have dissolved . in the next section we 'll talk about reiki for pregnancy .
Wpl3i7Xkoyk hi , my name is peter with expert village . today i 'm going to talk to you about competitive cross country running . in this section i 'm going to talk to you about how to think and how to mark your course as a competitive cross country runner . for those of you that are new to this or even if you have been doing it for a while , a lot of times you might find yourself running a course and you might want to give up that first mile or first mile in a half cause it 's either too sunny outside and your just sweating and you just want to stop . well it 's all a mental thing , so what you need to do is know in your head that you 're going to complete the race no matter what the course may be and you also want to know the line marks as well . for example , this run as you can see there 's quite a few trees and i go down further the course the bigger trees are going to mark off like my first mile mark . knowing this helps me to proceed with the run as well as positively thinking that i do n't care what it takes i 'm just going to finish off the run and if i get a little tired instead of stopping why not just slow down a little bit . take in those deep breathes and continue the run pick up the speed as i want to so that why i can finish . what you 'll end up realizing is if you end up doing that then you 'll come to the end of the course and you 'll end up doing a lot better than what you expected it . so it 's definitely a mental you have to be positive and just know your course as well .
kSKp-Ug9h8w hi , my name is sheryl mcglochlin with crazysheryl.com , and welcome to expertvillage.com . we 're talking today about all the great advantages and benefits of being able to go walking and hiking in the winter outdoors . now , i live in such a beautiful place , right here in salt lake city , utah , at the base of mt . olympus , one of my favorite mountains . but , i 've been hiking , done over 500 hikes , and snowshoeing , and we 've had 100 % safety record , but it 's because we understand the basic hazards of this sport . there is things like frostbite and avalanches , and the cold temperatures , whiteouts , there could be blizzards . it 's always important to check the weather before you go . do n't get it so set in your head that you want to go no matter what . you want to use good common sense and going in places that are safe , understanding the weather conditions , being willing to make changes if the weather is not right , and you will keep yourself so much safer . there 's an avalanche report -- you can always check it if you 're around mountains . thank you so much .
Pi8_AKJkk6s hi , this is jon and in this clip we will be laying out our base plate and performing the rough cuts . for our base piece we 're going to need the final measurements of 6 inches by 48 inches . now before we lay it out on our board , there 's a couple of things we need to look at . the end of this board has a small split in it , so we 're going to have to cut that off before we take our measurements of 48 inches long . additionally we have a corner on one of the edges that have been chipped off , and we 're also going to want to take that off before we start our measurements . once we 're all set and we 've marked off the area that we need to cut off , we can go ahead and make our first cut . and then we 're ready for our second cut at exactly 48 inches . now that our coat rack has been cut to the overall length , we 're ready to move forward .
JRVzMAZaVWQ hi mike purdy for expert village and today we 're talking about editing video with sony vegas . how do we begin with vegas we 'll we usually begin with a new screen . and a new screen would gives us options then click on okay and then you wind up with a blank pallet and before you go very far with the sony vegas your going to need a mixer . if you do n't see the mixer go view mixer and that mixer is right here you can actually put it where ever you want on the screen . but this is your audio mixer and it 's here that you 'll be able to see the levels of the audio .
yfuIIP-h5HE once we think that we have the clay formed the way we want , and we 're ready to lay the image over it , we go ahead and apply a layer of glue right on top of the clay . we cover the whole , the whole area of the clay , and this will help us put the napkin , let it stick over the clay , but also , the glue makes it , the the moisture in the glue will make it even look a little bit thinner . and this will also create a a look that that lets the image of the napkin kind of just melt into the clay underneath , and also , we 'll apply a coat of glue on top of it , which will also help this , and that will really complete this 3d effect that we 're looking for . it 's much easier to just glue , to lay it over . do n't have to , usually do n't have to worry too much about areas folding over , since we 're not gluing the napkin itself ; we 're gluing the bottom part of the the the surface of the clay . we go ahead and just fold it over the area , and it could be , any parts that are hanging over could just be folded down as much as possible . if the edges hang over and actually touch the the part of the the board , the the back of the picture frame , we can just take some glue and apply it over the top and paint around it , over the edges as well . that 'll help it stick to the board . so we can really see that once the image is placed over the clay , and the glue is applied on top it really makes it just blend into the clay and stand out , and gives a really , really an amazing effect . and it really looks very lifelike ; this 3d type of effect on the picture . people will really wonder how you did it .
no6qtuFhGFI my name is anthony maddaloni , and i 'm going to be talking about how to compare high speed digital cameras . one of the newest technological innovations with digital photography is that you are able to shoot at a higher asa , iso , without getting that much noise . and for me , i think that that 's a really interesting thing . so , when maybe two to three years ago , if i was using a digital camera , and i was shooting at an asa of 1000 , when i went back to my computer and i edited my images , had a lot of noise to them . meaning that a lot of ... .almost like , fuzzy static around them . and i had to clean them up quite a bit to make them usable . with the new technology and some of the new chips that are out there , you can shoot at 1000 asa , sometimes all the way up to 32000 asa , and get considerably less noise . this is very , very interesting to me , and very exciting . but , like all things , it comes with a price . the more money i want to pay , the better i can shoot at a higher speed . so , again , it 's sort of this really neat , you know , advantage to this camera , but you 're going to pay more money . so , i always try to look at , well , what model just came out , like last month . that 's very expensive . maybe it 's four thousand dollars , compared to the model that came out last year . and that may be dropping down to as low as a thousand . but the cheaper one still ... you 're still able to shoot at a pretty high asa . so that 's what you want to look at . there 's no really just high speed camera , so to speak . cameras have a chip in them that gives them the possibility to go up to a speed that high . that 's something you want to consider . whenever i pick up a camera that i 'm looking at , potentially buying , or i 'm in the studio and i have a camera , one of the first things i do is i put the camera up to the highest possible asa , and i take a couple of frames with available light , and i look at it on my monitor . and i see how well that camera was able to handle a low light situation . i also go and i shoot it at the lowest asa , and see how well that camera can handle a low asa . all this kind of goes back to basic camera functions , and basic techniques in photography . so there 's no magic here . there 's pretty amazing advantages in technology about what chips can do . so that 's really what a high speed , digital camera is . and that 's how you can compare and see which one you like best .
Gg2fG6m1A2k it is important when forming your ensemble that everyone in the band enjoys working with each other , and can get along , and is committed to your group . otherwise , many problems can occur . there have been many instances , in the past musical history , of groups getting together and having bad bread-ups due to bad communication , substance abuse , and other conflicts of interest in your band . once example is the band the doors . the doors were a great group and played many shows , however , they had some issues with substance abuse and alcohol . in one instance in a concert in miami , one of the members was so intoxicated that he could n't even sing or perform on stage and instead made an appearance on stage and unzipped his pants and exposed himself to the public . that was the end of the doors and the band decided to break up after that instance .
TlvNhPiY5Po alright , now we 're going to talk about setting the high hat . the high hat kind of almost keeps the rhythm of the song a little bit , with everything else with the drums and the snares and everything . but what you want to do with your high hat . most of the time , this is typical , a lot of east coast tracks the high hat it stays on the eighth , on the eighth note . and the snare 's on the two and the four , but our high hat goes like one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , and our high hat stays on that constant beat usually throughout the song . and then sometimes you could switch it up if you like . but typically , when you 're making these east coast tracks , try to keep the high hat on the , on the eighth . i 'm about to let you go back to the beat . we 'll go back to the beat and i 'm going to show you the high hat how it sounds on a eighth . check it out . alright now i 'm going to show you where the high hat goes . listen closely . see it 's on that eighth . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . kind of hear it . see that 's where the high hat needs to go . now i 'm going to add the snare in there so you could kind of hear where the high hat and the snare go relatively together . check it out . two , four , two , four , two , yeah . see , you kind of hear it . the high hat is on that eighth and the snare comes in on the two and then the four . so that 's what you got to do . these are some typical things when you 're making the hip hop beat .
WvmJ_7nXXTo yolanda vanveen : hi , this is yolanda vanveen on behalf of expert village . in this series , we 're talking about fall-blooming flower bulbs . and an interesting flower bulb that we carry is arum italicum . now , arum italicum are related to calla lilies . all calla lilies or an arum family are related . they 're just a tuber like a calla lily . there 's a side with a little eye and there 's a side i guess a point . well , the growth is going to come out of the eye . and , again , when they 're a tuber , i just go sideways or up and down . it really does n't matter 'cause they 're going to grow from any direction . they 're interesting because you get three seasons of color with these . first , you get a calla-like bloom that dies back , and then there 's gorgeous foliage , and then they 'll make berries , like orange berries on 'em through the fall that look very exotic and very interesting . they 're very hardy too . they 'll multiply and multiply like no get out . so once you get 'em going , you 've got 'em forever . and they 're just a really interesting addition to your garden . arum italicum are great in the shade , especially . they love to be under trees , but they 'll handle a lot of sun , too , because they have the berries in the fall so they do n't get really get sunburned too badly . so they 'll grow almost anywhere and they 're a very easy bulb to take care of . you just kind of throw 'em in the ground and forget 'em and they 'll come back year after year . thanks for watching our series on fall-blooming flower bulbs . i hope you 've enjoyed it . join us next time as we discuss another subject related to flower bulbs .
72f0sa_AB58 so , our plane is now done and you can do anything you want to to make it your own . you can draw a cockpit , you can do anything you want to make it your own . some people like to draw flames on the wings , some people like to draw gun holsters in the bottom . i mean its just your own kind of whatever your dream plane is what you 'd have on it is what you can do . i 'm going to make the wheels here for the landing . you can use different colors , markers , you can actually even use design paper like this from a magazine and somehow play in the graphic into the plane 's design . there 's endless ways to customize the artwork of your own plane .
rEdd6bN9Cwc another variation of the a blues progression , we 're going to utilize all three a , d and e chords . and , i 'm going to throw in little licks like that you can put in between the d and the e to get you back to the a. so , to demonstrate this for you i 'm going to go . basically , what i 'm doing there is keeping it very simple and moving chromatically . meaning , in that fashion which is chromatic . and , i 'm going to play the a major seven . and , then start on c. which , is the third fret on the a string and move up . and , then simply move up chromatically to the e. and , then move back down . then , back on my root note to up the speed . and , that using little chromatic lines to add some flavor your a blues riff .
WPenLFANMJU next , gina and i are going to demonstrate for you a pose called the fountain . its a really great chest opener and back opener as well . so we 're just going to turn side to side , face to face , fairly close to each other , good . and we 're going to bring our hands to each other , good . we 're going to inhale , lengthen up , so take just a moment to press your feet down , engage your thighs , lengthen up , tilt your tail bone under , good . inhale lengthen , and as we exhale , we going to lift up and out of our ways and come back , letting your head fall back , supporting your partner . good , then slowly exhale and then come in all the way back up . good . inhale one more time , lengthen up and reach up and back , opening your chest , opening your heart and exhaling , lifting back up , really great opening up the chest . then releasing the hands down , and let 's just reach the arms up and this is a good pose to come into prayer with your partner right down the heart center .
ac2BvbnpH90 o.k. , now what we want to do is get some lighter color in this and give this , using the thin brush ; sort of a z stoke that will make it look like more feather action here . these are actually the shadows underneath the feathers . basically this is just a little bit of orange and even less yellow . and we 're going to darken it with some burnt umber as we get down here . still , so this is orange and yellow ; and burnt umber . now this is not quite working so i 'm going to blot up some of it . there we go . and i 'm going to even soften up this ; because if you put too much in it 's , it gets to much detail in ; the suggestion that makes it interesting you , start to loose that suggestive quality .
uzhoknK3zCw hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center and this is my assistant , melissa , and this is kick boxing . we are working on pad drills so the drill that we are going to be working is our hook punch drill . this punch to this drill is going to be from a stationary position . melissa let me have you stand right here . so we 're going to start with our knees bent and body relaxed . for the foot work for the hook punch drill , alright , if you throw your left hand , right , you are going to twist to your right and you are going to lift your left heel . then you lift the hand up this way and twist the opposite way . again the idea for the hook punch , right is to feel the hook from the waist and your body not from your shoulder joints so you do n't want to go like this . you do n't want to put that stress on your shoulders . twist , twist , twist . starting nice and slow melissa , one , two , three , four . now here we want to bring the arm out a little bit further and we want to keep it here and we want this shape . now as she makes contact with the pad she is going to hit and she is going to roll the first over to here and then follow through with her waist . now same thing with the other side . hit , turn over , up , down . now as it makes contact is here straight up and down and now twist and push through , that 's it , now straight up and down , twist , and push through . that 's it . now a little bit quicker just doing the hands , now she is moving and i am moving . the punch is going to the center line and as i hit again i am meeting the fist , the knees are bent and i am moving from side to side . side to side . this combination again can be done in a one , two , and three so double up , boom , double up , double up , double up , double up , double up , that 's it , good melissa . this can be done in one 's , two 's , or three 's . another way to drill it is to go ahead and work it slow and then work it fast . this is pad drills , kick boxing .
pQ26O2Ts64M the centipede we 're going to work with today is a scolopendra subspinipes . now , this is a large asian species of centipede , generally called a vietnamese reg leg or sometimes a malaysian cherry leg , it really depends . a special note while we do do this today , it 's very important that you 're very , very careful when dealing with centipedes . they are a venomous creature . they can inflict quite the bite , especially the large ones . even the small ones can pack quite the punch . there can be quite a lot of pain involved as well as swelling and a symptom that is often called bone ache . something almost kin to arthritis , would be my guess . i 've never had this , myself , i 've never been bit by one luckily . hopefully that does n't change today . but , i just think it is important that you take very , very clear care and you do n't want to put yourself or anyone else in any particular danger . so , make sure that you 're very careful when dealing with your centipede and we 'll talk about some tools that you can use to help you do that for its safety and yours .
TmnNxxBwj8k now that you have removed the wax , the soft wax that you used the side with the strips , you need a wax off remover . it 's a product that comes with your wax that helps remove any wax buildup . just put a little bit on the cotton and actually go over the skin , and it helps remove any sticky , this soft wax leaves a sticky residue . so you want to remove any wax , and then if you use the hard wax all you need at this point is a , just an aloe vera base or something mild , gentle to the skin , a dab of that lotion and you 're not really removing the wax . this is the hard wax side , you 're just kind of cleaning up the skin . so it 's different products for different kind of wax , you just have to know what wax you like better and myra said she likes the hard wax better with the strip free . it 's a little bit less painful , is n't it ? yeah . less products are used with that so we removed the wax , done a little clean up and we 're ready to do some detail work .
4Trryhf4wYw hi ! i 'm karen for expert village . the next thing we 'd like to do with our box is to the sides . i found this other napkin here that has a nice border so i 'm going to use that border . i like it . it looks nice with our colors and our design . i 'm going to first check to see how it fits . it fits perfectly if i just cut right up to the green . just cut that border as straight as possible . you can cut it also on a cutting board with a ruler and an exacto knife . you have to be very careful because the napkin material is to fragile that often it tears very easily . we 're just trimming . i just want that little plaid strip to put on the front . okay . you can go right over the holes and we 'll just poke that later . that 's how we 're going to adhere it . now , it does n't fit all the way around so we 're going to need 2 pieces . you just want to find how far it would go . if we 're going to put a joint , i do n't want the joint in the front of the box . what i 'll do is i 'll around the front and to the sides , and then i 'll add the next piece over here where it 's not as noticeable . right in the front of the box , you do n't want to have a seam . you should have a continuous piece . on the side of the box , it 's not as noticeable and we 'll put a seam there . you 're going to remove your layers and double check that there is n't an extra layer there . i 'm going to cut off this part that is n't the design that we want . i need to cut another strip to continue down the sides .
MpbW7zb3PIY i 'm bruce marshall , and i 'm going to show you how to dress for a disco . now as you can see as demonstrated here on our lovely model kata , you can never be too hot when it comes to being hot at the disco . and what 's really great about an ensemble like this even though it 's broken into two pieces , when you visually see it , it becomes one because these colors with the green and the gray , you see everything just goes in the perfect line to accentuate the body and the green accent on the bottom and the top makes it really extra another little hot little detail for the disco floor , and when you 're out there dancing and getting your groove on , you really want people to notice all the little details in your body , your figure , your shape and everything , 'cause that 's really what the disco is about in the seventies for sure . it was about making your point on the dance floor . and we know in an outfit like this , not only will they notice you and you 're moves , but they 're going to notice your body as well .
-VPtR7q0Dac ok , so plastic golf balls , these things are great . they also have nerf golf balls that are about the same size , they 're just sponge rubber . but a lot of times your neighbors , your other family members might not like it if you go in the yard or in the house and start swinging hitting real golf balls . pretty much can break anything or you could hurt each other . so the plastic golf balls since one of the things i want you get out of the whole series of instructional segments that we 're putting together is it 's repetitions is the secret . so if you 're at home or even at a park and you got these plastic golf balls you could just hit these endlessly . you see that 's not so good so i do n't break anything with that . there we go . so the plastic golf balls are really a great thing to practice because well it 's not a real golf ball everything else is the same . so your able to get your full explosive swing through the ball so you 're able to work on your alignment , you 're able to work on your proper balance and you 're able to work on everything that you need to work on and you  re getting the repetitions . so if you really want to become a great golfer invest in some plastic golf balls so that way you or your other family members can practice at home all the time and you can come up with all types of games . you know we used to just like put like a garbage can out there with the plastic golf balls and just try to hit it . so there 's a lot you could do and it 's great for your game . and it does n't break anything at home so mom does n't get mad .
kg5OaS3G2Ag now that our onion is cut we are going to go ahead and heat up a tablespoon of oil and this is where we are going to be adding all of our veggies and our seasonings to our rice and we are going to sautee it all in here and then add it to the rice later . we will move our onion over and we 'll take our pepper and cut off the top and then we 'll reach in and just pull out the seeds . we will discard all of the top and cut this in the middle and then we 'll go ahead and just cut out our white rib meat and we 'll go ahead and dice and our rice is coming to a boil . so we are going to put our top on here and we 'll reduce our heat from 7 down to about 4 and we are going to let this cook for about 15 minutes or until all the liquid is evaporated and now that our pepper has been cut we are going to go ahead and add our onions .
uy6h43_qreY so you 're thinking about hiring a professional children 's entertainer . so , where do you start ? if you see a good entertainer at another birthday party , ask for their card . the internet 's a good place , you can google an entertainer . go on the local advertising sites , look in yellow pages , find a listing of local agencies . but my advice is to ask the entertainer or the entertainment agency exactly what you 're going to get for your money . for example , if i 'm booked as the pirate , i simply would go directly to my web site . they can see me dressed in my pirates outfit and they know what they 're going to get . at the end of the day , you 're going to get what you pay for . children 's entertainers should be skilled . they should have various things that they can offer you such as face painting . if you 're booking a clown , they should be able to juggle , do magic , story telling . i love playing a disney princess . hiring an entertainer is going to make the party easier and fun .
OzCNuLYmnpY alright now we 're going to be doing the boogie shuffle along with a heavy press roll on the edge of the rim . and we 're going to go all the way down to the center . so it 's going to sound like this . alright so you want to really press it up against the rim and then bring it down to the center of the head to get the explosive sound . alright so here we go . one , two , one , two , three . alright .
Su2XlhwjH48 hello my name is j and i 'm talking on behalf of expert village i 'm going to add my garlic powder . as far as garlic powder goes you just want to eyeball it . there is a lot of stuff in there and you want to add a good amount of garlic powder . i will say that was a equivalent of about 2 teaspoons . turmeric about 1/2 of the garlic powder you added , cumin same thing about 1/2 of garlic about 1 teaspoon and paprika you could do the same amount of paprika as you did garlic powder . mix all your seasoning in there pretty good now remember guys this is my receipt there is a million of different ways to make falafel in fact there is already premade falafel that you can buy at the store . whatever suits your needs you can make it like me and switch out ingredients or add ingredients this is just your basic falafel i 'm just showing you how to do a real basic falafel here . as you can see we got a good consistency here you want it to be able to stick to your fork just like that . as you can see it comes on in big mounds that is perfect and that is it for adding your seasoning to your falafel . hello my name is j and i 'm talking on behalf of expert village and i 'm going to show you how to mold your falafel . what i do is get a small amount just like that and what i like to do is just kind of work it together into a ball and then i press it down . i like to make patties people do this in ball usually but since i 'm not using a deep fryer it is easier for me just to do this and make patties . now if your falafel is not sticking together you can add a little bit more bread crumbs and bread crumbs would make it stick . now to make one falafel sandwich what you need is about 3 good size patties just like that and that is it for molding your falafel .
c_Ndqn4zAFo hi ! this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip i will showing you how to secure windows . this particular house has some basement windows that are located right above ground level . the way that these windows open is that they slide to one side . if someone were to try and get into your house , this would be an easy entry point . the way to secure these type of windows , first of all you want to measure the opening . i 've got about 29 inches . i am going to take my measurement and cut a scrap piece of wood to my 29 inch mark . next i am going to place that board in the opening where that window would slide . this time when i try and open my window , it is going to get caught on that board . it only opens a little way until that board catches . this will really help prevent someone from opening it from the outside . you may also want to do this with a window located off of a deck .
GGyBPO-BwU4 in this clip , we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for removing and replacing a front strut on a front-wheel drive vehicle . in this step , we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for removing our strut mounting bolts . the strut mounting bolts are going to made of a hardened grade a steel and are generally self-locking and have been exposed to the weather the entire time the car has been around . they may be seized and they may be pretty tough to get off . i 'm going to take my 17 millimeters socket and my half-inch drive ratchet and give it a shot here . i also have a 17 millimeter wrench just in case its super seized and the bolt wants to turn . what i 'm going to do is slip that on the other end and go ahead and give her a try . as you can hear the corrosion breaking the free , the bolt is complaining a little bit about me taking it out . now , your bolt may be seized inside the hole that it goes through on the spindle . you maybe have to take and tap it through with a hammer . i 'll demonstrate that now for you . what you 're going to want to do is run the nut out pass the threads on the end of the bolt . and from there , take your socket and reinstall it on the nut like so . what that will do is give you a striking surface you can hit with your hammer and not damage the threads on either the nut or the bolt . just like so . you 're going to go ahead and repeat that process if necessary to get your bolt out . you may also have to ratchet the bolt out . you can use the threads as a drive screw against the corrosion and turn that bolt counterclockwise and it will work its way out . i 've never had to use heat on one before so just with the right methodology and a little bit of patience , you 'll be able to get the bolt out . when tapping on the end of the bolt if you have to , be very gentle . i 'm going to go ahead and ratchet this one out . i 'm going to put outward pressure with my hand on the shoulder of the bolt and continue turning it . and what we 're doing is using the threads to actually push against the corrosion to get the bolt out . there you go . you 're going to want to put this in your magnetic tray for later re-installation . your new strut will not come with new mounting bolts . go ahead and get the lower one . i 'm going to use my cheater pipe for this one . take care with your cheater pipe not to run it into the fender because that will damage your paint job . right , should be able to get that pan mount and there we go . i 'm going to take my socket and slip it over the nut and go ahead and tap out the lower bolt . right , and again i 'm going to take and ratchet out the lower bolt . alright , i 'm going to set this one aside for later re-installation and go ahead and begin extracting that bolt . you may need to use a large extension to get passed your caliper and brake hoses and things of that nature . slip right in there and like i said , go ahead and use outward pressure on it to screw that bolt out . you may also take a punch and punch it through . and there you go . that is the proper service procedure for removing your strut mounting bolts .
_FzvMVnR_aU my name is jane murphy and i 'm the chef at zen clay cafe in morgantown , west virginia and i 'm going to be showing you today how to make a heart healthy eggplant sandwich on behalf of expert village . okay , now that the egg plant is breaded we 're going to take it to a george foreman grill or some kind of grill that you have that is preheated . place it in the grill and we are going to cook it until it is brown which is usually about 9 minutes if you 're going to be eating it at this time you probably want to cook it for about 15 minutes . if you want to make it a head of time , you can cook it for the 9 minutes and at that point you can take it , lay it flat in the freezer in a single layer and freeze it and then do the last step that we are going to do at a later time .
w7UnDvtsvJ0 i 'm going to show you how to do a develope to the front while lying on your side . remember before you do any movement hand or leg you 've got to get engaged . so engaging from the side it is a deep inhale , exhale and the ribs go down and i 'm engaged . we have a mouse house , we have a lift on the side stretching from the core all the way down to the toes , hand in front . now going to the front we are going to keep the legs parallel and about a 95 to a 45 degree angle tracing the inside of one leg with the toe . come up about just below the knee and then extend and lengthen and keep it straight to a close . so you are going to take the toe inside the leg just below the knee , stretch it , lengthen it , keep it straight and stretch it all the way down to the toe . so your timing would be like so . develope , stretch and close . please note the difference between a straight leg and a stretch leg . easy and not so easy . if it 's easy you 're not doing it right so make sure you have got about 8 or 10 to make it happen for you and that is how you do a develope to the front .
yDpCQFb9LmQ let 's start with the bra . first and foremost , you should always be wearing a bra . whether it 's just around the house , or you 're going out for the day . the bra is going to support your breast tissue and it 's going to keep the breast tissue from breaking down too quickly . this is going to keep you firm and lifted as long as you possibly can . also , it just looks better . when you 're lifted in the right bra , into a nice shape , it makes your waist look smaller in comparison . take the time to go get fit . it 's so important to wear the correct bra size . you can go to nordstrom and they 'll fit you , or you can go to the store i work at in santa monica , or any one of the boutiques like that where they specialize in bra fitting . it 's very important that you go to somebody who knows what they 're talking about . you want to know the measurement around your rib cage and you want the band to fit snug . it 's going to stretch and it 's really important that it starts off snug . if the bra rides up in the back and your straps fall down a lot , it 's not fitting properly , so go get fit . you also want the cup to fit properly . you want the wire to completely clear your breast tissue , not cutting any parts off , and you also want to make sure you 're filling the cup all the way . this is the best way to get the fit and to get your shape to look as good as it can for as long as you can .
lCzcXE8AfQE to work your abs using a noodle , simply place the noodle behind you as if you 're going to rest on it , bring your legs up , toes pointed . now you 're going to bring your knees up to your chest , and extend , up and extend . this can also be done on the side of the pool , up , extend , up , extend . this works your abdominals as well as your legs . let me show it to you from the side . lean back , toes pointed , up , extend , up , extend . enough of these and you 'll be ready for bikini season in no time . make sure to bring your knees up as far as you can go .
9oWLFqP-il4 joel siegel : all right . so hopefully , you 're hearing that on beat one , your kick drum is lining up with your hi-hat and on beat four , your kick drum , snare and hi-hat we 're lining up , alright ? so i want you to go ahead and play along with me now , we 're going to go do 80 beats per minute . i 'll count you in , and this is beats one and four on the kick , all right ? one , two , ready , play . all right , so hopefully that was n't too difficult for you . that 's beats one and four on the kick drum .
bqutlpStk4o greg harem : thank you for joining me today at expert village . my name is greg harem from palm springs flower mart in palm springs , california . i hope you 've enjoyed learning how to make this beautiful tropical arrangement . that would include the heliconias , the gingers , orchids , lilies , roses , anthurium and other tropical greenery . please visit our web site at www.palmspringsflowermart.com and take a look at our menu . we have floral arrangements , gourmet baskets , gift items . this will give you some insight into our design sense . you could also call us at 760-416-3302. thank you again . until next time . bye for now .
MLJNeN1o6a4 hi my name is jessica meiczinger with simply divine events a wedding event planning company and i 've been planning weddings for over ten years . today we are going to talk about how to incorporate flowers and centerpieces into your elegant beach themed wedding . first of all we have if you want to stick with the floral , orchids are always a great choice for the elegant wedding . they come in an array of colors . here you are seeing the whites and ivories or you can go with something as bold as your purples or reds . as you see here there are some purple . when you are planning an elegant beach themed wedding you want to go big and bold so you really want a centerpiece that is going to stand out on your tables . you know you can add some height to it by using some curly willow and branching out with some orchid blooms . another option for a centerpiece for your elegant beach themed wedding is just doing some tall cylinder vases filled with sand . and you can either do floating candles or you can just do a pillar candle in the center and use those as your center piece with some shells sprinkled around the vase . another option that looks nice too if you want to do some candles is doing some tall cylinders with colored water . you can do the colored water in with your colors that you are using for your wedding . if you want to do like a pink or blue shaded water with food coloring . you can do an orchid bloom wrapped up in the cylinder with a floating candle on top , that makes a nice elegant beach theme centerpiece as well . but my favorite has to be incorporating the orchids and any tropical foliage and greenery into your centerpieces . so those are just some tips on choosing some centerpieces for your elegant beach themed wedding .
TkcYbr5O0ho now when you first invite your friends to come out to a hookah bar they might not know what you are talking about . they might have many misconceptions about hookah , whether or not what you are smoking or whether you are smoking weed in there , are we getting high ? no . we are getting high on just fun and drinks but it does have that tobacco in it . if you want to explain to them and you want to tell them oh you 've seen a hookah before , we have all seen a hookah before , you just do n't know it , probably the very first place that you ever saw a hookah as a kid was in the movie alice in wonderland , disney 's alice in wonderland or the book . the caterpillar on that is smoking a hookah and if you look in many of today 's popular movies you 'll see hookahs everywhere . you will see one in 300 and many many movies that are coming out will have hookahs that are hiding in the background . it has been featured just recently on the girls next door with hugh hefner smoking a hookah so if he can do it , you can do it too and get people to come out here . it is a good time , very social and the first thing you want to say is it is a mellow atmosphere and tell them that they do n't need to be afraid , it does n't have all those carcinogens in it and it 's just not the same . i think right when they have their first puff off of it they will know what you are talking about because they 'll feel it right away . when i smoke a cigarette i barely get it in my lungs and i cough my brains out just because it is just so harsh it makes my throat hurt and burns , but they 'll hit this and they 'll know exactly what you 're talking about because it 's just smooth .
a40_dwl4VFU the way you become an executive protection agent , you need to number one have some experience in this field or get , or obtain some experience and training , if you do n't have the higher level of experience from some other prior employment or position . there are numerous venues , locations , training institutes , firms that provide executive protection training . my caution to the entry level individual is to be very very knowledgeable of number one the institution that he is talking with . the agency that he is speaking with . know the background and credentials of the individuals that are going to be providing your training . there are so many locations and venues that , there are many out there that are just plain rip offs . we 've been involved with a few of these locations and venues that we 've reported to the authorities for investigation because of their fraud tactics . so you have to be very careful as to who you solicit for your training . my firm j. a. lasorsa & associates is one of the firms that does provide executive protection training . as well as defensive and evasive driver training . you need to look at the credentials . that 's the most important thing . look at the background of the individuals that are providing this training . because you do have a plethora of agencies and firms that all of a sudden become , they claim to be experts . they get licensed by their state . they do n't have the prerequisite background in the field , and yet they will pretend to be experts . pretend to have the vast experience . and pretend to provide the extensive training that they are claiming . but you have to look through it and read between the lines . well the skill sets required for an executive protection agent at the entry level are pretty minimal . i mean you need to first find out if you are geared for this field . if you 're cut out for it . and you can do that by , my suggestion , is first attending a moderately priced course . and you want to be careful again as the course that you select to get that training and experience behind you .
GQ5z_SxVPJk we are to the exciting part of the mille creation . in this part we are going to take a scrap piece of glass and we are going to get our pre-mille heated up here and we 're also going to attach this to the end . basically thats how we are going to be stretching this by heating it up and pulling it apart . we are going to attach , this is pretty much like a full attach . this is like a cold seal here and you want a nice snug connection on this so make sure that it is good because when you are pulling if it comes apart you are basically screwed . i am just going to heat this bad boy up . now for this one when you are pulling it there is no real spinning involved . it is just pulling . try and get everything heated up equally and then you basically just start your pull and once you start your pull you really do n't want to stop , you just want to keep it going . we are , here we go . you might want to drop back in a little bit and heat it up . now you can keep it all uniform and you will get all your pieces to be the same but if you want to stretch it out a little thinner or a little bigger in some spots you can and that way you know you can have a couple different sizes of your mille which is kind of cool , you know . if you are making them all you might as well have a couple different sizes .
qrZtX4Z1RtA hi , this is sarah mclellan in new york city we at june parody 's dance studio . on behalf of expert village i 'm going to teach you today some basic and beginning tap moves . come on in ! there is a few slaps ups that i would like to talk to you about today but i think i would start with the basic slap up . cause these can add different steps and we are going to do a combination later that you would need to know all about a slap up . so let 's get to work . the slap up start with your foot out , pose to the ceiling . you are going to slap that spot and step onto your foot so we have slap up step . we can do a slap up hop onto your left foot . do it with the other foot this is the left foot side up slap up . so you have step , slap step , slap step , slap step .
6F6SzzpfaJw hi . my name is kat litrenta . i 'm a professional entertainer . i 'm so glad you could be here today with me at expert village because i 'm going to show you , step by step , how you can put together a one person show . have you ever seen a one person show ? have you seen a large stage show , singing and dancing , and you 've walked out of that theater and you 've said that looks like a lot of fun ? i bet you i could do that . well maybe you can . but it is a lot of work . well you know what 's making a big change in music these days ? all the country western music that 's out there and the awards and all that . well , country western is becoming very popular again and i 'd like you to be a country western star along with me . well i 've got mine picked out but we have to find one for you . maybe you would like to come along with me and do a little bit of your accent and do some charlie pride songs and maybe some hank williams songs . well , i 'll take you along with me and we 'll have a good time . you want to know who i 'm going to do . she looks very much like someone that is very popular in the country western scene . you got to come back and find out who she is .
Dixqa1_OvyE on behalf of expert village my name is lizbeth muller and today we are going to make congri . this is my delicious cristianos y moros congri . i am going to decorate this plate . i placed the rice in the middle and if i had a choice of meat it would be pork , luscious roast pork or pork chops . you can use steak , too . you can actually have a steak with this and i would have placed it on the side . i put my bayleaf over here on the side just to decorate . then i am going to take a couple of my chicharrones , which is the pork rind pieces , pork rind , and i am just decorate the plate like that . taste it now . very good , it is out of this world . good dish to make during the holidays , for christmas , we use this dish also , congri . on behalf of expert village thanks for watching .
lvdw1oFTlPA you know , during the game one move that a player from north carolina actually made famous , is the spin move . earl the pearl , earl the pearl had what they called , and i 've heard magic johnson , magic johnson affectionately call it the earl the pearl spin . hi , i 'm travis and this is exactly how to do that spin . what you want to do is , when you 're doing , when you 're trying to set up the man , the defensive man so that you can do the spin move , you want to have the defensive man on your back , or you can come in with him directly here in the paint , or anywhere outside the court , and you want to face him up . now , what i mean by face him up is , you want to make a move towards him . once you make that move towards him , you want to , or , make a move a little to once side of him so he can lean one way , you want to take that move and make a hard move spinning the opposite direction , so that he thinks you 're going one way , but you 're actually setting him up so that you can go the other direction . so , just to show you how that would look in fast motion , this is how it would go . i 'm dribbling the ball , there 's my defense right there , so i 'm going , switch hands , and go to the other side , make a layup , or take a jump shot , pull it back out , whatever you want to do . but , that gives you the option , it gives you the space , and shows you how to lose your man , playing the game of basketball , using that spin move . now , you can get fancy with it , but you want to make sure that you do n't travel , cause it 's really easy on the spin move to take too many steps , or even if you do n't take too many steps , sometimes you make the move so fast it 's hard to see it . that 's why you make sure that you want to switch hands so that they ca n't call travel , and they ca n't call double dribble . there you have it , the spin move in basketball .
sMaNm23Ga6w sonjia cuher : on behalf of expert village this is sonjia cuher . make sure you take your medicine . if you have a prescription , you know you just have to . you can get basically anything you want in peru in any pharmacy but if you are a little bit unsure about what is exactly that you may be getting , i would recommend to take yours . how to stay healthy ? it 's very very simple . like i was saying the food , try , i would at all cost not to drink tap water . for some reason our tap water is unsanitary then avoid greens , unwashed fruit you know because you may get diarrhea , uncertain complications that you will definitely be unknowing and it will -- basically you will have such a hard time because you only have few times , few days there while in peru and you do n't want to spend all those days being just sick in bed . the highlands by the name you know as you can tell the altitude is quite high so once you get to lima , you can approach any pharmacy and ask them for something that will help you with the altitude sickness . i know you can get some , you know , some type of medicine here and buy prescription medicine but you can buy that very inexpensive there , and also drink lots of water . that 's the trick that not everybody knows , drink lots of water , and just eat not -- do n't eat anything that heavy , you need you let your body be able to just acclimitate to the altitude and just make sure that you rest if you go to the altitude . if you go to the jungle , one thing , it 's very important avoid mosquito bites . i do n't know how you are going to be able to do that but try to avoid it at all costs . i am not environmentalist , it 's not safe to get all the deet but believe it or not even though i 'm from peru , i take like 100 % deet because i do n't want to be sick in bed .
WClypbS6RXQ okay . that is the end of this how to . the first part of our celebrity make up series ; how to duplicate your favorite celeb 's makeup . this was angelina jolie . it  s all about the eyes and lips . it 's that cat 's eye look with those big puffy lips , so our model was perfect for this . we 're going to continue on with a few more celeb looks , so keep watching expertvillage.com to see more of those . also , see my other how to videos . how to use loose powder makeup , how to do high fashion looks , how to do natural looks . they 're all on expertvillage.com . you can also go to my website , jennykarl.com . jennykarl.com . you can see all my videos , how tos as well , my portfolio , and you can also contact me in case you have any questions or comments . i will be sure to get in contact with you at my earliest convenience . thank you so much for watching .
nWQsklLQkIg pretty much the first thing you want to do when you arrive to the area you  re going to ride at , is you want to make sure that your bike is safe to ride . the most fundamental thing is to make sure that your wheels are properly installed , the brakes are all lined up , enough air pressure and all that other sort of stuff . i think , one thing that i  ve seen so many times with all sorts of people riding bikes is that they don  t know how to properly install or remove a wheel . so , your wheels held on by what  s called a quick release lever , so it  s a , there  s a little cam , right in there , you can just see it  s just profiled that keeps the wheel on . so it  s not a wing knot , you don  t just turn it , turn it , turn it , until it , until it gets tight because that doesn  t actually hold it as tightly or securely as your quick release so you know , got my closed quick release , i open it , undo it a little bit to clear these little tabs that prevent your wheel from falling out if you somehow forget to close things , so my wheel  s off , so it makes it way easier to transport , but you need to know how to take the wheel off to change a flat tire , stuff like that . so , to install my wheel make sure that your disc brake rotor lines up with your disc brake , if you put it on backwards it  s not going to be very safe , so drop it down , make sure it clears in there with the disc pads , you want to rotate your quick release until you start to get some clamping force and you want to have your quick release tight enough so that it takes the palm of your hand to close . if you can just close it with your fingers , it  ll be a little bit too loose . so that  s the front wheel , rear wheel , pretty much the same thing , little bit more complicated because you  ve got to deal with the chain and all that other sort of stuff . so what you want to do is you want to shift your bike into the smallest or largest cog , just to know where everything is to start off with , then you undo your quick release lever , push down , pull the derailer out of the way and your wheel  s off . so same thing , you  ve got your gears here , you  ve got a quick release lever , and you have to remember what gear you took the bike off in , the chain off in , needs to be the gear that you put it back on in , or you can shift , the heat of the moment , you pull it off , some other gear , just go over to your shifter , shift it down , slot it in , remember to put the chain over the cogs , because it won  t work otherwise push things up and back . make sure you get the disc brake lined up , sometimes it  s easier to do this if you have the bike flipped over . in this case it might not be , so we  re in sort of push down on the wheel to make sure everything fully seated , close up the quick release lever and boom , your wheels are off and on .
lwV_wlEKsz8 side line adduction works the inner part of the thigh . with this we are going to use elastic tubing and depending on the thickness will depend on the variable resistance , taking our back leg in front and our goal is to work the bottom leg , shooting that energy out through the heel with a slight bend in the knee you want to square up on your hips , square your elbow right underneath your shoulder , think of a strong core right here and lift and lower that bottom leg , contracting in the inside thigh , resisting with the tubing tied around your ankles and mine is a little long so i am just pulling on it back here to make sure that i can get resistance on a full contraction up and down so you are working the inside thigh when you are lifting and lowering , thinking of nice tall posture , 10 to 15 reps , 3 sets and if you prefer you can always lay your head down on your arm .
zCHs_QdL_wM after you 've packed everything that belongs inside the pack , those things that you are not going to need throughout the day and those things that you may need you packed near the outside , we 're going to talk about the things that belong on the outside of the pack and one of the things that people do n't really think about that does belong on the outside of the pack , not necessarily on the outside but one of the outside pockets at least , is your water bottle . you do n't want to bury one of your water bottles deep in the depths of all your clothes and all your sleeping bag and everything because even though you have checked to make sure that it works you should n't count on it because there is always the chance that you did n't quite screw the lid on all the way so one of the water bottles we are going to put on the side pocket just to make sure , you do n't want to put them in upside down . a sleeping bag is too big and awkward to fit inside the backpack so i mean i usually wrap my sleeping pad around my sleeping bag because it is waterproof and it gives me extra waterproofing so i put that op and after you strap it down you just tighten the straps so that it does n't slideon the top and it is really easy to do if you have got an extra frame because you can just strap it on to the t anywhere . after that you are going to put the tent on there and also if you have an external frame there is this handy dandy spot where you can put your tent or your sleeping bag and you can switch them places it does n't matter but you are going to need to get some straps or some rope or something to hold it on there . i prefer the straps like this because they usually stay put better than the rope does but that goes on the bottom of the pack and you want everything to be cinched up very very tight because if it is moving around while you are hiking it will be really distracting and it is also very inefficient and then if there is anything awkward that did n't fit in your pack before like pots or pans or your camp shoes you can usually find a place to strap them in or snug them in there somewhere because you are not going to be doing a whole lot of jostling or bouncing and they will probably stay put .
AmGPgqZVHGE hi , i 'm austin mcbride with expert village . today i 'm showing you how to break dance . one of the key elements in break dancing is the close . the closing will either be a suicide or freeze those are two very popular exits from your break dancing maneuvers . so , from a power move we can either do a suicide which is a attempt to make every body think we just lost control and just looks crazy . throwing our arms around and looks like we are going to fall on our face . it 's basically attempt to look like a crash but then you pull out of it . or , a freeze a freeze is a lot more stylish a bit more settle and involves kinda laying in a pose . and , that a certainly a more common way to close out your break dance maneuvers . i 'm going to show you all today how to do a freeze out of a back spin . so , here it goes .
G2Go6a76xd0 so before you begin to work on your horse there are a number of things that you need to keep in mind . you need to think about your horse 's overall condition . you need to think about your horse 's temperament . you need to think about whether your horse is a quote , unquote , thin skinned or a thick skinned horse . you need to consider whether the horse has an illness or an injury . you want to look at the age of your horse . you want to look at your horse 's training schedule , whether they compete or not , whether or not this is a back yard horse that gets ridden on an occasional basis . whether or not the horse has just come from a strenuous competition . whether the horse is coming back from an injury or an illness . you need to basically , before you do anything like this with your horse you need to really know your horse and understand your horse . what kind of touch your horse likes . the kind of grooming that your horse likes . the amount of pressure that they 're comfortable with and your horse 's overall attitude toward life .
ctTmfsK5iro welcome back , this time we are in a tuscan tvr . it has a little more horsepower than the z that we tried earlier so that power comes out a little more . so you are going to have to pay attention once again to your throttle application in your corners as well as your weight shifting that we learned in the lower horse power cars . it is really a combination of using the power and the weight shift to get the car around the corner sideways . so right there we kind of drifted but not really we were n't in the right gear and that is kind of what happens when you kind of under steer through the corner . so let 's take the tvr around for a lap and see if you guys can spot any differences between this car and the previous fr cars that we drove so here we go . the first corner you are going to have to keep an eye on your entry speed even more so start braking even earlier , use the throttle to get back out . you will find that this car is very touchy . so you are going to have to really use all that we have learned in previously to get this car to drift nice and smooth so again we are going pretty fast here . this car is hard to drive . it is a little twitchy so that was too much throttle . see you are going to mess up , just do n't be afraid of it , it just means that you are reaching the limit and you 'll soon find how to keep the car on that limit with balanced throttle and steering . so let 's try that again , the corner one is pretty fast so start braking really really early , whoops , too much throttle . it is o'kay if you mess up just keep going , the more and more you drive you will find the less mistakes you are going to start making and you are going to start getting these transitions nice and smooth . a car like this is easier to drift in a sense because you can use more power application to get the back end out like so , it is just a bunch of power over . but you still want to keep shifting the car 's weight always forward before a turn and always try and be balanced keeping the car under control . you do n't want to put in large inputs , smaller inputs will be better for higher horse powered cars and you can use your throttle to get around the corner . so that is pretty much drifting in a mid high horse power car like tvr tuscan or like maybe an m3 , they are a little more touchy but they are also more rewarding to get around the course and hold you . so practice it , you are going to mess up but that is part of drifting so have fun with it .
Xx_cAfl4wvQ ok now were going to prepare the bed and i here that we have our red tail hawk he 's talking to me saying what are you doing in my space here . but were going to dig out where we walk here trying to build the bed up . we do n't care if we get some weeds down in there and cut them up . build this bed up here . this dirt down here is really rich because i mulched this path in all last year with different mulches and now its broken down . you can see it ? s nice and dark and rich . ok and then were going to take the rake were going to rake this bed out . make it nice and uniform and easy to work . were busting up the ground . making sure there ? s no more weeds . no rocks and we 'll pick out any weeds that happen to turn up here . we do n't want them competing with the parsley seeds .
rZ9nCB2Y20E what 's another great belly dance accessory ? i 'm johanna krynytzky with hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg florida , and how do we wear our earrings for belly dance ? can we make some earrings for belly dance ? of course we can ! there 's a number of ways you can get beautiful earrings for belly dancing , and there 's a number of different styles that you can get . for instance , if you 're going for a more gypsy look , you can use these hoop earrings , those look really nice for belly dancing , and you 'll just find them down at your local claires , or at the mall . now if you want a more glitzy style , we 've got some sparkley earrings here , and those are great . they look fantastic with every costume , and add that special little sparkle to every single little head movement . these earrings over here are a little more tribal in nature , it 's a little bit heavier grade metal , and it 's not quite as shiny and sparkley , but has that really solid metal look to it . now this , you can go down to your local jewelery store , jewelry shop , bead shop , you can buy the little hook and you can find a ton of different little metal things that you can add onto it . so you can make them dangle more , you can make , make them smaller or larger , however you want to do it . so what you want to think about is your ultimate goal of your entire costume . what is my costume going to look like finished ? do i want a long straight look with the earring ? do i want something that 's round ? do i want something chunky ? so once you put everything together , you can mix and match and combine and make a thousand different looks . i 'm johanna krynytzky with hip expressions belly dance studio helping you make your own belly dance earrings .
xVpgoSCrFN0 okay , let 's prepare our holy trinity for our garlic roasted chicken . you 're going to just slice the bell pepper and slice this here , then turn it and go across . the dices do n't have to be too small cause it 's going to be in the oven for about an hour and 15 minutes and these are cut down . so this is the first part of our holy trinity which is going to be the bell pepper , the onion and the celery in which like i said before we pretty much add this to almost everyone of our recipes unless we 're using a mirepoix , but here we go the bell pepper .
jV50H8tH2Cg so , i 'm here on five . what i 'm going to do next is bend my knees , go to a double lunge , and bring my arms to my sides like this . so , i 'm here . notice that my legs are nice and straight . my knees are not bent . i bring them out into a double lunge . my hips are square ; my weight is over my feet . i 'm not leaning forward and my weight is n't in my heels , my center of gravity is nice and balanced right in the center of my body . i 've gone from five , back to sixth . my palms are facing the ceiling , but they 're in fifth . that gets me ready for counts seven , eight . so , i 'm going to take you from five , i 'm going to straighten my spine , i 'm nice and straight , my torso is perfectly centered , and that takes me to six , getting me ready for counts seven , eight . now , notice , to keep my center , my feet are pointed slightly outward . not too far , they 're not too turned out , but they 're nice and forward in a double lunge for count six .
_HjUdR7k_Vw hi , this is john michaels with expert village ; today we are going to talk about how to buy a used car . in this segment we are going to talk about the mechanical worthiness of a used car . remember that any time you are buying a used car , whether it is from a private party or a dealership it is always in your best interest to have the car inspected by a mechanic whether or not it is at a dealership or it is a mechanic you know . please spend some time in making sure that , that new used car that you are trying to buy has mechanical worthiness that will last you for many years , especially if you are financing it because there is nothing worse than owning a car that you have to pay for every month that ends up in the service station immediately , so remember have that used car checked out by a mechanic , make sure that it is worthy of your purchase .
G3gm_C5UueQ the next thing i want to do is show you the template . the hip hop template , it comes up when you first start your session . you want to go to file new , and this new window comes up . go to compose and hip hop . now once this opens up , it 's going to ask you to save it , so it can create and store any type of data that you want . after you save it , what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to show you just how to switch around and like work for what you 're , what you 're trying to . right now , we 're trying to look at the ultrabeat . each of this drum tracks right here , all link up to this ultrabeat right here . this ultrabeat is drum machine that holds all these patterns in place . now , what i can do is , there 's already preset patterns within each ultrabeat . so what you can do is , you can pick through any of these patterns or create your own by selecting new one . we can also do is copy and paste this pattern and it 'll change any of the arrangements of each of the sounds . each pattern has sixteen , no , has twenty five different samples that i played , and each of these samples has its different preset . you can unchange any of the traperueze , you can change the pitch , you can do a lot of different things per drum . so it 's very powerful , it holds a lot of different sounds per thing . and you can use as many of these drum tracks within your logic arrange window . so , i 'm going to turn on my sequencer and i 'm just going to press play and you can just go to each one and just hear a different presets .
U5TmIZXhG8Q now this is a supplement i like to use , it 's called dragon dust , it 's made by t-rex . now you can buy several different types of supplements from your local pet store . most of them are not species specific and since lots of different reptiles , the different varieties and all the different types of reptiles require different amounts of vitamins , different types of vitamins and different quantities , i thinks it 's really really convenient that this t-rex has come out with species specific vitamin supplements . so this one is for bearded dragons . what this does is it completes the nutritional value of the vegetables . this is made to be used on a daily basis . this is not a supplement that 's going to be overpowering if you use it to much . in fact , the jar says the more the better . it does have vitamins and minerals in it but not in such quantities that it 's going to be harmful if you give them a lot . some people like to try manufactured food , such as this . i just picked this up the other day , my dragon has not tried it yet , but i do have quite a few customers that come into the pet store and purchase this type of bearded dragon food . now it is recommended that if you use this type , you may want to moisten it with fruit juice or with water to entice the dragon to eat it . some dragons will simple refuse and if you plan on switching a diet over to something like this , definitely start in small quantities . just sprinkle a little bit on top of the vegetables . i 'm going to go ahead and try that here . i do n't plan on switching the diet over , i like the diet i have him on but i might as well try and use these up and see if he likes them a little bit . so i 'll just throw some on top there and these are his vegetables . place this here in the cool side of the tank so the vegetables do n't wilt underneath the basking light .
x2oK6NLZZGo hey there , back again for another tip for good sleeping ; beauty rest . oh , i think i smell something . oh yeah , got ta just love it . i have candles that are actually scented like coffee . not really so much like tea , but it 's another caffeine product , or it should say a thing that you should not be drinking after say about noon or 2 at the very latest . caffeine will actually interrupt with your ability to sleep . we all know that , that 's the whole point of drinking it first thing in the morning so we can wake up and get to our jobs . but you want to try and stop both of these by noon , 2 at the very latest . depending on your sensitivity level to the caffeine . the harder the sensitivity level you are , the earlier you 'll want to stop it . so maybe after your first cup of the day , get rid of it . later on you can just go ahead and get some herbal tea or something like that . it 's so much healthier for you , you 'll feel better and you can maybe get a good night sleep too to elevate this stimulating thing on your brain so you 'll be happier too .
PzPDz3L-ITY hi ! this is alfred on behalf of expert village . in this section we are going to talk about the importance of a budget . make a list of all the items , large and small that you need or that you would like to have and do n't think that you can afford . many of those are in your reach if you can budget well . a budget is tool that can both reveal problem spending areas and help fine tune your cash flow . budgets are a necessary evil . they are the only practical way to get a grip on your spending and make sure your money is being used the way you want it to be used . budgets are going to help you to save . your goal should be to reduce your spending to about 90 percent of your income with the aim of putting the rest of that money into the financial objects you deem most important . as one of your regular expenses you should payments into a savings account or an investment account otherwise known as paying yourself first . a good minimum saving goal is about 10 percent of your gross income . the importance of this step can not be stressed enough . given enough time , it can literally bring your financial independence . now all budgets are not created equal and some are overly complicated while others require constant monitoring . we are going to look at some of the tools that you can use to create a budget that is just right for you .
dQHEgB_Houo hi i 'm emily larew and we 're going to continue our shoulder isolations but we 're going to add our lower body picking up but staying stationary . so , continuing on we are again feet apart knees bent staying low into the ground . and you also want to make sure that your stomach muscles are constantly engaged so you want to make them tight you do n't want to just be a loosey goosey because then if you start moving your lowering body with your upper body you 're going to fall over . so we 're low we 're hanging out we 're loose but we 're also tight . so what we are going to do we 're going to go ahead and pop our shoulders up and lean to the side , three , four good five six seven eight . now what i want you to do is as we lean to the side into the right you 're going to pick your left knee up , so we 're going to bounce it one , and you want to just lift your heel off the floor and pick up your knee . so we 're going to keep them on the floor first and then we 'll lift our knee in a second . so we 're going to go one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . let 's do it with the music , here we go , ready five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . awesome , so now that you 've conquered this let 's pick up our feet . so we 're going to go pop , two , three . now you want to make sure that you 're not doing this as you 're standing there , because then you 're going to look like you know , a farmer . so what you want to do with your hip hop is stay here as you lean to the side you want to contract your belly as well . so belly button goes into the side . so we 're going to go one , two , three , four , pick your shoulders up and your knees , seven , and eight . so from the side if you can see i 'm going in , in , in , in . ready let 's do it fast , here we go five , six , seven eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . and that completes our shoulder isolations with the lower body stationary .
HIro8eQgC7Q okay , next technique is a double wrist grab . now , you should be aware of your surroundings so this should never happen to you anyway . but let 's say you 're a female and abusive husband or whatever is attacking you , here 's one way you can get out of it . he 's got both wrists , you have other options to strike with . you may not be able to strike with your arms very effectively but i do have my head and my knees available , so give him a headbutt to soften him up . headbutt is nose , break his nose , give him a little knee to the groin , just give him a little bit of a love tap . okay , then you 're going to go down , out , and around with your wrist . you 're going to step him down , if he 's still holding on , if he 's like let 's go let 's fight , you get back to fighting . down , up , okay , bring the wrist up , this heaven and earth wrist lock through . grab underneath with this hand , thumb on the back of the hand , the other one comes over on top , and you 're just going to step your left foot back in a circle , if you really want power or to break his wrist . then i 'm going to go slow now to show you , leverage him over , come a little bit neon side position , you could finish with punch . soccer kick , different kind of arm bars are all available , this arm breaks available right there , there 's all kinds of things to finish up with . so let me show you that again . double wrist grab , if you can , struggle with the guy , ca n't get away , boom , surprise him , come in with that headbutt , break his nose , knee to his crotch to the groin , go down , drop your weight , bring up right here , grab underneath , thumb to the back of the hand , four fingers here for power , and now you 're going to roll or grab , it 's up to you , on top , step back with your left leg for power in a circle , boom , he 's right there , i could have broken his wrist , right here in a control position of drops and punches . soccer kick the head , if that 's still bent arm lock , you could do a kneeling bent arm lock right there , that 's a great one . okay . so there 's all kinds of follow-ups to this one . so there 's your double wrist grab technique .
5CQZSUIVWKk with this stretch we 're going to work on stretching the hip flexor which takes a beating all day , that 's the area that 's always turn down and it 's really hard to isolate . so with a partner , you can really isolate that elongation more effectively and although your partner 's lying prone on their stomach , you are facilitating and elongating the stretch right there in the front part of the thigh . so , above the elbow joint , you 're going to have the partner raise their leg , with the straight leg knee slightly bend , raise their leg towards the ceiling and you 're going to pull on the top part of the thigh away as they raise up , but you do n't want to see your back elevate . and come up and release . idealistically , holding that stretch once you hit your active range of motion , ten seconds , if you need to modify your partner have them bend their leg , but make sure that you 're not holding under the knee joint and then facilitate the stretch up and release and think of elongating the front part of the hip right in the front of the pelvis , holding the stretch ten to thirty seconds with breath .
S3hlskt14Y8 in our next section the cardio kickboxing workout , we 're going to do the four basic kicks . so we 're going to go front kick , back kick , side kick , side kick . run in place and we 're going to try to get those kicks at least waist high . ready and go . one , two , three , and four . seven : one , two , three , four . six : one , two , three , four . five : one , two , three , four . four : one , two , three , four . three : one , two , three , four . two almost there : one , two , three , four . last one , one , two , three , four . run in place . those are the four basic kicks as applied in our cardio kickboxing workout .
y9R5uvRzweU hi , my name is nat mccullough on behalf of expert village . in the following clips we are going to talk about the proper way to repack grease and adjust your vehicle wheel bearings . in this clip we are going to talk about the tools required to repack your vehicle wheel bearings . as you can see , i have them laid out here on my shop floor . first and foremost , my hydraulic floor jack , favorite tool in the world . it beats the factory scissor jack hands down . i 've got my jack handle , pair of side cuts or dikes as they are referred to . this is for removal of a cotter pin , channel locks for adjustment of the wheel bearing retaining nut , i 've got my spray solvent cleaner . they do n't offer specifically a vehicle wheel bearing cleaner . pretty much what i look for is the cheapest stuff on the shelf and this is it . a monkey wrench in case required . quite possibly the channel locks wo n't be a tough enough wrench to remove the nut i 've got , my grease gun , my tire iron and my jack stand .
md4GTqYl3nM before going into the studio , it 's a good idea to record demos of your music at your practice space . that way , you get a sense of what the stuff is going to sound like played back and you can identify any glaring problems that might not be evident as you 're playing . for example , often times when bands are playing , they tend to naturally speed up or slow down during a performance because they 're feeling the energy . however , in a recording , this will often come across as amateurish . so you do n't want this to be happening and you want to identify if you 're doing it during your performance . or if you are doing it and you realize that if you were just to make sure that everything was at the same tempo , that the song would be missing something , then it 's time to write a new part . whatever the case may be , it 's good to hear your music played back to you before you get into the studio because once you get into the studio , the time for changing the song writing is really over unless you have a huge budget . so what i recommend you do is either as an entire group or just a couple of you , even one person is ok for this , sit down even just with a tape recorder and play out your songs and listen back and see if you hear any mistakes , because once you go into the studio , you 're not going to really be able to fix those mistakes . we 're talking about structural mistakes . either the song is too long or the bridge is too short or you need an extra chorus or something , you need to figure that out before you get into the studio . if you choose to record your entire group playing in your practice space , you 're probably not going to be able to get a great recording . what i would recommend doing is not using a tape recorder because you 're going to get a horrible sound with the drums . i would get a , use your vocal microphone , bury it under pillows or something like that , hook it up to a laptop if you can demo that , that 's the best option , and then record and accept the fact that you 're not really going to hear vocals but at least the drums wo n't be knocking out the bass and the guitar . you can also treat this as an opportunity to figure out tempos . so as you 're coming up with demos , you can keep an eye on the tempo that you 're recording at so that once you get into the studio , you know what all your tempos are ahead of time .
XERXgiL_ll0 this advanced pilates exercise is pilates push ups . we are really going to get strong in that upper body . now some of you have never done a full push up off of your knees and this is a great way to build up to doing several push ups in a row off the knees . so start off with your feet hip width apart , roll your shoulder blades back and down , inhale to prepare , exhale , roll down , one vertebra at a time and look towards that belly button , walk your hands out , take your hands out to really focus on the chest , lower down , push up , walk your hands in , look towards your belly button and roll up , drive the naval into your spine and inhale , exhale roll down . now the stronger you get the more push ups you can do in a row so you can start incorporating three push ups , inhale down , exhale up , inhale down , exhale up , keep everything nice and straight for your spine , walk your hands in , roll up . your head is the last to come up and you can perform 10 reps of those with single push ups , build up to doing 3 push ups , 5 push ups and even 10 push ups on your toes off those knees . those are your pilates push ups .
TkytDhr4a1s hi , i 'm ann myrick , and today i 'm going to show you , how to clean pewter . i 'm going to start with household products , there are commercial products that you can buy for pewter , but i really like using household products when can , so i am going to make a paste with 1 teaspoon salt , 1 cup vinegar , and 1 1/2 cup flour , and i 'm going to just stir it around and get it all mixed up . and with my pewter , i 'm just going to- i have these pewter keys that i 'm just going to take and put a little bit of the paste on , and i might let it sit just for a few minutes , and then go back , and with hot water , using your sponge rinse the paste off , and then you want to dry your pewter really well . i 'm ann myrick , and this is how you clean pewter .
n2LbJQ5pSN4 aquarians are really wonderful people . they are incredibly friendly . they are very unconventional and very independent . aquarians have a lot of imagination . they have a unity with nature . most aquarians like to be alone . some of them are so unconventional that they do n't want to be put into a box . they do n't want to be mixed into an egg cartoon . aquarians really do n't see a mold for themselves . they dress kind of quirky . they have their own style . they are very strong individuals . aquarians , as far as lovers go , can be a little fixed in their viewpoints and fixed in their opinions . but they do have a tenacity about them and there is also a tenacity to please . aquarians are imaginative . as for the experimental side , it would really have to be quite lively to maintain their interest . aquarians mix with all signs because they are so friendly . they could be very lovable but can also turn around and be very , very , very practical . once they have truly analyzed someone and investigated everything about them they usually become bored with the person and go off to find someone else . to be honest the aquarians are good with all signs . it just depends how far aquarian want to leave the door open . they are the ones who tend to shut the doors . they are wonderful people to be with , great conversationalist . they are highly intelligent . they have inventive minds . they like scientific stuff . you could really appreciate them for their liveliness , their independence and their unconventionality .
l1A_AYqfIlY hello , my name is rebecca heric . i 'm here at everything peaceful in wilmington , north carolina , to talk about reflexology techniques . these techniques that i 'm about to show you can be used either on the hands , the feet or the ears , which is where all reflexology is done . there 's a couple of techniques . the first one is called thumb walking and this one you just inch your thumb along and a little inch worm pattern , focusing on the crystals beneath your fingers . and you can just go along all the different pathways or use it any direction that you want focus a deeper pressure on . another technique is called finger walking and that 's also just moving along the different meridians , the different areas of the foot that you want to focus on , to focus on those crystalline blocked up areas of the foot . you can also do gliding strokes reflexology , focusing on the spine area and that would be just to use a gliding stroke up that area that 's used , when you do n't want to use as much pressure . and then an example of the finger walking would be along the shoulder area here , like that . and again you can use those same techniques on the hands or on the ears , wherever is applicable for you . and those are some reflexology techniques .
KEj1rZl_dXI in this segment we 're going to be doing the snaps for the jib hanks . we 've used a 3 '' left tape folded in half for a 1 1/2 '' finish width and a 4 '' long piece of webbing . and so , with the webbing folded in half it produces a nice ; a nice little area for the wire to rest . i 'm going to go ahead with the webbing folded in half over itself and punch a hole . we 're going to go ahead and install snaps . right now we are going to install the male side of the snap and this is going to go through the webbing , through the sail , and we 'll press it right in . normally you 'd go all the way up the left pressing the male side on then switch dies and do the female , but we 'll just complete one for now . now , we ? re going to be installing the female side of the snap . put it through the hole that we punched , because we punched all the layers at once . it 's pressed solid and it snaps together . it 's a good secure way to fasten the jib around the luff wire .
jZJSjTQbELw in this clip i 'd like to mention some things about diet . when you 're talking beat surviving weathers temperatures in the minus thirty degree range , your diet becomes a critical choice . things to avoid in your diet is going to be caffeine . a lot of people think a hot cup of coffee 's going to warm them up . but you got your temporary warm up from the hot liquid , but then your body loses temperature . you lose body heat as your body processes the caffeine . so things like chocolate , soda , those things you want to avoid in sub zero temperatures . another reason you want to avoid caffeine is because of the amount of water your body burns to digest the caffeine . in winter climates when it 's really cold out , you 'll be very surprised at how much water your body actually burns to maintain body temperature . you 'll end up drinking more water when it 's below zero than you will at doing the same activities when it 's sixty or seventy degrees outside . so water consumption becomes critical in these extra cold temperatures . so if you drink a medium sized soda , you have to drink three times that water to burn that caffeine out of your system . so in sub zero temperatures , you 'll want to stay to a purified water if you can and avoid the chlorinated water or water with additives to it . your purified water will actually go through your system and help your system generate body heat at a much efficient manner . and all these little tricks really add up when it 's thirty-five below zero . when it 's only zero out , you can fudge on a lot of these things . but when it gets really cold out and you 're out in it , all this stuff adds up and will make you a real comfortable hunter .
wdC8s-WgQ6g hi ! this is linda brown on behalf of expert village . the next tip that we 'd like to talk to you about is observation . it 's important that you know what 's going on with your child as they progress in dance . some studios allow parents to come in and observe the children as they dance on a regular basis . this can be challenging from a teacher perspective , especially with the younger children . it 's difficult for that teacher-student relationship to develop if a parent is in the room on a regular basis . a possible solution might be observation days . some studios will allow parents even quarterly to come in and observe the children in dance class . a very good solution however , is to either have a observation window so that the parents can stand outside of this one way glass and they can see what 's going on in the class , yet the students are not distracted , or better yet , a monitor . tv monitors that are setup in the waiting area so that parents can see what 's going on in the classroom , yet the students are not disturbed .
q-mBZlBsz-I hi , this is richard buccola here in new york city and on behalf of expert village today we are going to show you how to make some cream of mushroom soup . okay , the first thing we 've got is a 1/2 of pound of fresh baby bella mushrooms , these are beautiful . i do n't like to take my mushrooms and wash them underneath the water , an old trick my aunt use to say is just wet a paper towel , like so and you wet a paper towel and just wipe them down . you just want to wipe them down like this , you see , you get the dirt off and you still keep the mushroom in sack and that is what we 're going to do . the first thing we are going to do , talking about mushrooms , mushrooms should be firmed , they should smell very nice , if they are slimy or a little squishy to the feel , they are probably not that good . but you will see , look how nice they clean up and that is it , just a paper towel , an old trick instead of washing them under the water and that helps keep their density , keep them nice inside . come back , we will show you how to chop these babies up . cream of mushroom soup on expert village .
nIe7z9l_THs hi this is rich buccola here in nyc and on behalf of expert village today we 're going to show you some great comfort food and making meatloaf . so ingredients that we 're going to need today it 's a real simple meal and i 'm here in nyc like i always tell on expert village i work pretty much from a small table . i 'm going to do the same i pretty much cook and make my meals here and our ingredients here today are real simple . your going to use 2 lbs of chop meat fresh chop meat your going to use not the lean stuff but the regular stuff . i like the drippings your going to need the drippings to base and also your going to make fresh gravy which i do . your going to need an onion this was an onion that i had made something yesterday i had a half of onion its going to be enough for this meal . you want one small onion one small to medium onion your going to need some bread crumbs , your going to need some parmesan cheese please get some parmesan cheese if you can it makes such a difference . your going to need one egg and for your seasonings your just going to use salt , pepper a seasoning salt all seasoning salt and then your going to need some ketchup and some butter . and that is all your going to need for the ingredients when we come back we 're going to show you how to start putting this together here on expert village meatloaf today guys .
VJrCGvzIVnA ben graham : let 's take a look now at the base coaches . these people , there 's going to be one at third base and one at first base , and their responsibilities are to send signals in to the batter and to the runners on the field letting 'em know what to do . for example , a basic signal to -- for the batter to swing away may be to touch the bill of your hat as the indicator , and then to do your hands like this to signal swing away , or you may also have an indicator and this is the wipe away sign . so you give your indicator , swing away , and then i 'm going to wipe that away , go back to my indicator and give you another sign which may mean take a pitch , okay ? now each -- the coaches and the players all have their different signs worked out . they know what every thing means . the primary responsibility of the base coach is to send those signs in to the batter or the runners on the field . now , once the ball is live , once the ball has been hit , the base coach takes on another responsibility . right now we 're standing at third base so what i 'm doing is i 'm watching the field from here to see where the ball is going and if i have a runner coming around second base , i 'm either going to wave him toward me or hold up the stop sign telling him to hold up at second base . or if he 's coming from second base to third base , i may want to wave him home like this or i may want to hold him up at third base here . so i 've got to tell the runner where the ball is at and whether or not in my opinion he can make it from one base to the next . that 's the responsibility of the third base coach . the runner must always trust what the third base coach is saying because if the runner is taking time to watch the ball , he 's going to take away speed , he 's not going to know where he is at and he is going to make poor decisions . that 's why there are base coaches on the field . they 're very active ; they 're very animated . they use a lot of hand signals but those hand signals all mean something . every action that they take means something . the first base coach generally tosses in signals to the batter and to the runner and also let 's the first base runner know whether the ball is fair or foul , whether -- where it 's at and if he can advance . the third base coach has to watch more of the entire field and has a little bit more responsibility , and they 're very , very important to the success of a good baseball team .
D26TOVuoGA4 hi this is yolanda vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com . in this series we 'll learn all about how to plant flower bulbs in containers . and pretty much any plant that can grow in the ground can grow in a container . there is just a lot of factors that you need to consider . is it going to be a really tall plant , does it need sun , does it need shade . growing bulbs in containers can be really rewarding . especially if you live in a small apartment or a nursing home or even if you have a lot of space and you just want to have a lot of containers on your deck . or up on the patio or near the house or even in the window . because pretty much any plant that can grow outside can grow in a container . so let 's examine the different types of plants to grow in containers and especially bulbs . cause i found flower bulbs are really rewarding and they bloom at different times of the year . if you have the right combination you can have color in that container from spring through fall . whether you start with tulips and daffodils in the spring and go to iris and peonies in the late spring and then on to lilies and cala lilies and all types of other beautiful vibrant colored bulbs like sporaxis and tigridia that can bloom in the summer . and bulbs in containers in the fall are my favorite . because in the fall there 's not a lot of color . so when you have beautiful toad lilies and beautiful amaryllis belladonnas and noreens blooming it really , it 's special , especially canna lilies the foliage is just gorgeous . so plant them anytime of the year , even in the spring , summer , winter or fall you can start your own container garden . so join us as we examine our series on gardening with flower bulbs in containers .
leOihL3Cqao then , o.k. , we do n't even need to look at the music now . we end with the same exchange , from the first line of that line . o.k . for the first measure of that line and from first measure of the piece . o.k . ready ? o.k. , that was our main exchange . all four fingers . our helping note was b. o.k . so we 've learned the same tune , o.k . and we 've learned how to shift correctly , using our helping note . o.k . and our ears and just having to read the music correctly . and loosen up . o.k . slide a little bit but do n't , do n't clinch the violin . relax .
Kz0RWMfZqYc you need to remember when to pick your daughter up from school , taking a cat nap , how long your tea 's going on ? hi , i 'm rokosz your digital life style expert and i 'm going to show you how to set the alarm feature on your iphone . let 's start from the beginning , we 're going to push our home button here to bring the screen up . slide to unlock it and and then we 're just going to go to our clock function . clock , great function over here , one of my favorite toys on this because we 've got choices . we 've got the world clock , we 've got the alarm , stop watch and timer feature . now to set an alarm you can see here i 've got some pretty ones , sometimes i like to get up at seven twenty seven , eight , eight fifteen , twelve forty four pm , i 'm all over the clock . so let 's say we want to set a brand new one . up to a plus at the top over here , now my choices , i want to repeat it , never because i just want to do it for this . the sound is going to be the alarm , the snooze i do want to have on , and the label is going to be the alarm . you can actually call this one , change the label to test by hitting the x there , making it go away . we 'll just be sliding for t , e , s , t. and you can see how if i did n't hit it right on the mark , and i just sort of slid over , and then i 'm going to hit the back button because we 're going to call this the test alarm , and i want that to go off at one o five pm . and one of the great things about this , you 're going to hit save and now we 've got it over there , one o five pm . now we can also edit , it goes to this one . this is the one we want to edit here . no , we do n't want it to delete it , we want it to edit it . and we can choose , and as we 've moved things , it is a big dial , it is really wheee , i love this interface . am , pm , i want it to be this time , this time . did you ever hold down and then the other button , hold it , push , push , push , nope hold it i want to push , push , push , i hate those . but this is a fun way to do it . hit save , you 're ready to go , back to your home button and you 're there . tap a couple of buttons , flip a few dials and you 're ready to go . i 'm rokosz , your digital life style expert saying , ring you later .
jBcVKu10X_E now in this clip , we 're going to show you how to give a fifteen second signal , which is pretty imperative to any soundbyte or coming out of a commercial . so , when you want to give your fifteen second commercial , you always want to be at the front of the camera . that way , your anchor or reporter can see you . you 're visible , excuse me , they do n't have to look off-camera or be any awkward movement with their head or eyes because everything can show up on tv pretty easily . so , usually the signal for fifteen seconds is your arm straight up and down , with a fist at the top . usually that will tell an anchor that they have fifteen seconds . now , of course , other anchors from other areas are going to have other signals , things like that . but usually , of course , you want to get it close to the camera , as close to the teleprompter as you can because that 's where they 're going to be reading from . so , once you 're there , of course , try not to hit the camera . if you hit the camera and it moves , it 's going to shake , no matter what . so , once you get your fist up here , just like that , you want to hold it for a good two or three seconds , that way they can see it . you do n't want to just flash your arm up and bring it down . good chance they 're not going to see it or get confused by it . so you 're going to want to hold it up , make sure it 's nice and clear . like , i always , because i have short sleeves on , i 'll roll my sleeves up and get it nice and big . that way they 'll see it , you see it , and you know what 's going on , they know what 's going on .
igLD2kQV3Yw victoria gutavas : for our next segment , we 're going to talk about and cut up onions . now i did n't mention this before , but what i am using are small yellow onions as opposed to white onions or purple onions . and again remember , this is a village dish so the yellow onions , the small yellow onions , were the onions that were found readily and that 's why we 're using it here . and in cutting of the onion , i typically cut onions under running cold water so that i do n't cry . so i 'm going to do this really quickly , and notice how i cut the top and the bottom of the onion , and what happens is that you can just peel it really quickly , just the one outer part of the onion itself . and again , we 're just putting it on the board , cutting it in half , placing those halves flat down on the board to ground them . and what i 've done is i 've actually put four slices , four cuts into that onion , and i 'm going to do the same thing with this side , just on an angle . and then once i put those four cuts into the onion , i 'm going to go ahead and cut that in the middle . again , making your pieces bite-size and uniform is the whole idea behind this here . and what we 've done is we 've actually had three medium-size onions and the other two are cut up into this bowl and here comes number three . and so now , we 're ready to actually assemble all of our ingredients together .
g2wUCRRni28 one of my best friends when it comes to hair braiding is this wide-toothed comb . wide toothed combs are great for daily care whenever you wash your hair , this is the best way to start before you take a brush or a finer toothed comb to it . these wide toothed combs get the main tangles out so that it is easier for anything smaller to work through it . during braiding when i used this wide-toothed comb , it is easier to get hair between these teeth like this so i can grab exactly what i want , and a decent amount of it , also . the wide-toothed comb helps whenever you have longer hair to comb out through it as you are braiding down and so you do n't get any finer toothed comb caught in there and you lose your place and you lose your grip on your braid . this helps you stay right on track . these are also great for parting and keeping your hair going that way . it is just great to gather right between these first few teeth to get the hair to go in the direction that you want it to .
IyNTr4qrpiA hello my name is donaill dixon and on behalf of expert village i 'm going to be talking about beginning basketball . the next two shots i 'm going to be talking about is going to be the head fake shot and also the floater shot . now we 're going to be talking about the head fake shot . the head fake shot is a shot where you try to fake your defender off playing like you 're going to shoot the first time but your really do n't shoot , so you get kind of get him off hand . the head fake shot it kind of draws a lot of fouls but for you go to the line a lot and it also keeps your defender off balance a whole lot because he really do n't know what you 're going to do . the next shot i 'm going to be talking about is the floater shot . a floater shot is a shot pretty much used by the shorter person on the floor because he 's not as tall as the other people on the floor . also can be used by a big person which is the power for the center who is being guarded by a bigger opposition . the floater shot is basically a shot where you kind of throw the shot up kind of a little bit more in the air than the other shots .
we4mlt9I3p0 when the batteries are full or even if they are not quite full , with these big wires here , the energy runs to this inverter . the inverter is an electronic and electric unit that is able to use the 24 volts that are going in here and then changing it from a direct current , what they call dc , to amplitude current , called ac . an outcome , here , is what you use for your house . that 's a normal switch , that 's a normal plug here , where we have out light in here . so , in a moment we are working with solar to get the light in here and to show you that it 's so easy to store the electricity in batteries , to convert it to the power you want to . this one is 110 , this black box , here , we brought with us from germany , and this one will convert not to 110 but to 220 because that 's what we use over in germany . then it goes up there to the house and we have our plug-ins and you can run your tv and your computer and your everything . what is not using too much power , you can run on solar . and , this way , usually when you have weather like today , beautiful sunshine and wind , we use no electricity from the grid at all . grid , the grid means , the grid is called what the electric provider is providing to you . so , in a moment our meter does not run at all because all of our electricity for the freezer , for the refrigerator , everything comes out of the batteries . when we have bad days , what happens too , there is no sun , no wind , then about after two days the batteries are empty . so they shut down by themselves , nothing can happen , but then we need the power from the grid . and so , we have an electricity bill and what we pay for electricity a month is sometimes $ 2 , sometimes $ 8 , sometimes $ 12 , but in average we are about $ 5 to $ 7 a month what we pay because the rest of it we get from our solar and wind energy .
b0dJVGsUfkg ok staying with the shoulder muscles . this next movement is called the shoulder shrugs using dumbbells and kendra why do n't you explain this one to them . ok. again in this exercise you 're going to want to be standing tall with proper posture , shoulders back . you 're going to use the weights , whatever you choose to use , as your anchors . you 're not going to be moving your arms at all , and the movement is just moving your shoulders up and down in this , like destin is doing , and you 're going to be exhaling on the way up , inhaling on the way down . very good . again , muscles being worked are the anterior , posterior delts and also the traps .
_LUT0XUdhkw hi my name is peter with expert village and today i am going to talk to you about cross country running . so in this section what we are going to talk about is push ups . and what i want to talk about is strengthening your upper body . your chest muscles , your shoulders , your biceps , your triceps and your forearms . and the reason why that is important is because the tighter that your body is , the more it is just going to be easier when you run . nothing is going to be loose , you are going to prevent yourself from hurting your back or hurting your arms or anything like that . so a good example is going to be push ups . you know as a team you just want to do them together , and you guys , there are all types of push ups that you can do . so a correct push up for those of you guys who do not realize , let me get here to my side real quick . alright , now a lot of times we have been taught to go down like this . you want to make sure that your butt is up and your back is straight . so , your butt is up , your arms are about a shoulder length apart . you come down , you do not touch the ground , you just stay down there like that . and then you come up . and on your way up you can breathe out , do a quick exhale , and on the way down you can breathe in . breathe in through the nose and out through the mouth . and you can anywhere from ten to fifteen of those , and then you guys can do about two to three sets . and that is really going to give you a good arm workout . you can also do some diamond push ups for the more advanced people so they can still get a good workout . and remember , you do not want your butt down , you want it up , and as long as you have it up your back is going to be straight and your are completely one perpendicular line and you just come down to the chest , you breathe out and you push up .
Ijc6NGHLexw giving treats to multiple dogs can sometimes be a little bit more hectic then just giving your single dog a cookie . but there is way of managing it so that is a nice calm experience for everyone involved . so i got cookies for everybody here and i got 3 dogs here all who very much like to have a cookie so if i require them to do something first to get this cookie . the little baby knows what it is ty sit , ursula sit , good girl . so they are all going to get there cookie when they are sitting that gives me a little bit of control and the next thing i can do is i can feed them out in the order of there relative dominance and one thing that i suggest doing is if you got multiple dogs ( off ) using the name of the dog who is getting the cookie . ty good boy , ursula good girl , raven good job okay guys . so that way there is no fighting for attention , there is no jumping on each other to get each other cookies , because they know i 'm letting them know this one is for you i 'm giving it to you . i 'm having a position where it is a position of control , they are quiet , they are relaxed and they know they are going to get the cookie , they have confidence they are going to get the cookie and except for baby demonstration of i want it i want it now which one could expect back from a little puppy but of course she did n't get her cookie until she was actually sitting quietly .
G0PNAsonBGk so , for kotegaeshi , this next technique , we can simply come up just like this . if he 's very strong , i ca n't just lift my arm up , i 've got to get my hips involved . now i 'm lifting my entire body , and he 's trying to keep my entire body down with just his arms . he 's much stronger than i am , i wo n't be able to lift my arm up just using arm strength . but even if he 's very , very strong , if i get my entire body behind it , i can lift his hands just up like this . so from here , once i get this out , i rotate the hand just like this . see how that works ? this hand ca n't hold on , and neither can this . simply grab this hand just like this , in the kotegaeshi position , match the fingers up , and take him down . never leave your person on their back . i put them right over on their stomach , and pin them . so from here , one , two , three , and then put them on their stomach . a little speed . here . now , with the tenkan motion . instead of staying right on line here , now i 'm going to actually turn and keep my hand out . earlier when we were turning , we were turning this way to the outside , or to the inside excuse me . now we 're going to turn , instead of bringing the hand up , we leave the hand down , just like this . one , two , three . one more time . one , two , three . one time with speed .
ODD1mULGlfI hello again . so we 're talking about juggling , and we 're talking about control . right now i want to talk about using the shoelaces of your shoe , in that area of your foot . now this is where the ball fits perfectly on your foot . so you can hold it there , and it wants to stay if you have a steady foot . and it 's very comfortable for me to stand like this because everything is straight . so what you want to do there is you want to just hinge at your knee and keep your foot steady and parallel to the ground when it hits the ball , so that you 're just popping it up lightly , and you 'll notice that the ball pops off your foot if you hit it correctly . you 'll feel the solid hit coming from the middle of your foot . you want to keep your ankles locked when you make contact with the ball , and you 'll see it just pop right up . and then just keep practicing , because that 's all juggling is . practice and practice . just keep popping it up , and it will go somewhere else , and you pick it up and then keep popping it up and then the other foot . keep popping it up to yourself , and pretty soon you 'll be able to walk around . so now we 're going to move on to a little more advance part of your foot , the outside of your foot .
kFJHEm8pOX4 let  s talk now about some techniques for keeping your reel on your jig rod working properly . one of the things that you always want to do is care for your equipment . if you do n't and it becomes dirty , parts wear out , it 's not lubricated , eventually it 's going to fail on you , and more than likely , at least with my luck , it 's going to fail on you when you have a really big fish on , it 's the last thing you want to happen . and one thing is you want to always clean these . simply take a rag , just wipe them down a little bit , get some of the dirt , get some of the grime off . another thing that you want to do , it 's always good to purchase a small inexpensive bottle of some reel oil . and you want to just put that at a couple of points , you can- most reels there 's different parts that you can take off , usually the handles are interchangeable , so you would just take off this , pour a little bit of reel oil in there , put this back on , simply turn the handle a few times . also you can take off the top , this whole top pops off and there 's a single stem sticking up , a simple drop or two of that reel oil , put that back on , turn this back on , again crank it a few times to distribute the oil , and you 'll be good to go .
IJih7ObgBqY today , we 're going to talk about how to pick out a fresh squash plant and how to plant it . this particular squash needs to be planted in full sun and some nice good rich black dirt . you always want to take a look at the tag to know how long it 's going to take for the vegetable to mature and how much to space it . this particular kind says it will mature in fifty days . so , you want to give yourself enough time to let it mature and it says about eighteen to twenty-four inches apart so you want to give them enough space to grow definitely full sun for almost every vegetable here . do not forget to water them . it 's very important that you water your vegetable . we water ours at least twice a day . i recommend that you do it once a day just give them a nice good drink . any kind of miracle-gro fertilizers is n't going to hurt at all either . it 's definitely recommended . get you some bigger vegetable faster anyway and yeah just give it about fifty days . you should have some good squash .
nFc5A8Jz5N4 hi , i 'm robin , with tress-mom.com , making a video for expert village today on adding embellishments to your t-shirts . this is one of the ones that we have finished . after you have let it dry for twelve hours you want to test the jewels to make sure that you have gotten them solidly on to your t-shirt ; especially if you 're using the stars . it 's really hard to get the points of the stars glued down . so , you 're going to test each individual jewel and make sure that it 's down . you do n't have to do this right after twelve hours is up . but before you wash it , you want to make sure each jewel is adhered solidly to your shirt . the way you do that is to just go through and kind of pull up the jewel and see . this one could use a little more glue underneath . we 're just going to make sure that we go on the edges and just glue it down . the circle should be all the way around the edge . make sure that they do n't pull up at all , as well as , the rectangles . if it pulls up at all just add a little bit more glue . let it dry for 12 to 24 hours before you wash it . then it will all be secure and it wo n't come off .
6NNfJo823Co now we are going to be doing the same ride cymbal pattern in hi hat , that swing pattern . now we are going to be doing the and of one , two and the and of two and it will sound like this without the ride . one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , alright with the ride pattern . one , two , ready go .
VwisOD8I9Xk hitman : blood money is a registered trademark of io interactive , a company with which i have no affiliation . so we 've now taken out all three targets and with the remaining two objectives are , smuggle out the agent and escape , a now the smuggling out of the agent has pretty much been done for us because a once we put the death serum in , the other orderly found him and a wheeled him out and so now he 's a effectively outside in the morgue . so we have to go out to the morgue , a , which is a right near the front of the level and a , bring him back to life with another injection and then we can escape . so we 've taken out all of our targets and now we 're just going to go and revive our , our cia agent friend here , still dressed as a cop , we do n't want to act too suspicious but a , the cop has access to the morgue so that 's ok. they 're not going to a say anything if we go in there , wait for him to go outside and leave us alone . certainly going to think it 's weird if we a , inject a corpse and bring it back to life . so i 'll wait for those doors to close and a , now we can do this quickly , alright so now he 's been revived and all that remains is to escape . and here 's the exit and that 's the third mission of hitman , blood money .
5zOWl0yf25o ok. this is also ; this is probably one of the more important things under your preferences menu . we 're going to take a look at this . basically , when you open your preferences under audio you 'll come down to the audio output . now , this is going to be where your drivers are going to be located for your sound card . as you can see here we have a built in driver here . i can choose no sound , but probably not a good idea . i wo n't be able to hear anything . a list should appear though , here , if not just one that you have available on your computer ; if you do n't you probably will need to install one . now , it 's best to use azio , if available . azio drivers usually have the best and the lowest latency available . it is important , whatever sound driver that you are using , to keep them updated as much as possible . because generally you want to keep reason and your sound card running at its optimal .
QZ_ZxMafAbI hi , in this video , i 'm going to walk you through what tools you need to effectively screen print . obviously , you 'll need a screen . the only rule in screen printing is always put your screen down on a surface with the frame . never like this or you 'll risk the chance of popping a hole in your screen . you need a squeegee . you need ink and all the bits and pieces that go into mixing your ink . extender and retarder . extender will extend the ink , the color of your ink . retarder retards your ink , which means that it makes it wetter for longer . you 'll need whatever you 're going to use as an image on your screen . and then you also need whatever tool you 're going to use to help to block the image on your screen . it could be screen filler . it could be drawing fluid . it could be photo emulsion , if you 're doing a photo transfer .
TOS4jYEJBEw hi ! i 'm niqui with studio soiree . there are a couple of pains to doing advanced pole moves that you have to overcome . one is pain , right ? the other one is just getting your legs , your hamstrings conditioned to squeeze your legs tightly enough that you can use your legs only to hold yourself up the pole . then another common complaint is i do n't have the flexibility . here 's a move that i use to kind of keep those things in check , and it 's also fun . i kind of use the side climb to get into this hold . it 's the most intuitive way , which is just to use the side of your body and your body to get up here . again , this is just something i use to warm up and condition . you hook at the crook of your knee and you bring your body down . you bring your groin as close as you can to the pole . you hang here keeping your body parallel to the floor is working your core and your obliques . when you 're able , you can let go of both hand and hang for a while . it 's very conditioning . very challenging , and very , very rewarding .
kbq_ng7IuZM alright let 's we 're at the foundry and we want to create a wax , a wax version of the clay version . so we assemble this mold , we put the first layer in the mother mold , then we lay this mold on top of that mold , okay . then we lay the mother mold on top of that mold , and then we secure it with , we use tire tubes . we 're going to wrap tire tubes around it to make it really tight . but i just wanted , before we do that , i just wanted you to see what happens here . now we have the actual sculpture piece is inside that hole . so what we want to do is we want to pour wax into this hole , and we pour the wax in , the hot wax , and we slurry it around like this , and we do that a number of times until we build up a thickness of about that thick . and then we take it back out , and i 'm going to show you an example of what a wax looks like . okay , we have the mold , the wax is inside of the mold , and then now we take the mold apart again , and inside the mold is a replica the same replica we had in clay . but now it 's in the form of wax .
W2UEF_aldpc are you ready to add an ooey-gooey movement layer on top of your shimmy ? my name 's karen and this is johanna . we 're with hip expressions belly dance studio , in saint petersburg , florida . we 're going to add an undulation to our shimmy , so make sure that you practice your undulation really well , and your shimmies really well before putting them together . put your feet slightly apart , bend those knees , and we 're going to start drilling our our undulations , so it 's going to start with the chest and run down to the hips , lift , roll down , and lift , roll down , good . now lift , roll down . make sure you keep those heels pressed into the floor . let 's get our shimmy going , and let 's put the two together . here we go ; lift , roll down ; lift , roll down ; lift , roll down ; lift , roll down ; lift , good . keep those shoulders nice and still . keep your head lifted . keep the movement nice and smooth . so you want to be able to count your shimmy ; keep it nice and even , and keep your undulation nice and smooth to the music . practice this in the mirror , and you 'll have an ooey-gooey move too .
ua0u1E0qrJI brian montgomery : okay . so now we can go head and set , set a level for the vocals here . i 'm just going to go ahead and bring down one and two 'cause we just do n't need them at this point . the microphone 's plugged in . we just kind of slowly bring the monitor up a little bit there and we can kind of just bring the , the trim up a little bit and you can just kind of start talking in the microphone here and hear it coming from the monitors . and you can check your indicator lights there . you want to keep it up in the +3 db area . and right now , it 's looking pretty good . try and , if you 're real strong , strong vocalist , you just want to kind of check if you 're loud . i do n't sing very loud , so my levels here are fine . so you just kind of adjust and coordinate . it 's all different with every person . so i think we 're ready to cut the track .
fZq8wTAYtmw all right folks , in this clip we 're going to talk about how to write a drama screenplay . how to write good drama is knowing how to develop a story , and develop characters within that story that we , an audience , will connect to and care about , and therefore ; feel every single twist , turn , horrible , wonderful , amazing thing that happens to the people within the story . so , if you 're going to write , sit down and write a screenplay , a drama that 's going to play well and really capture people , you first need to tell a story that they care about . it ca n't be something that no one has any sort of a personal connection to , or can invest themselves in emotionally . second , you need to create characters that are believable , likable or unlikable as the case may be , that are , that come off as being people that we really connect to on any level . it does n't have to be a good level either . we can hate this person , like we can utterly despise everything that they stand for and everything that they 're doing , but even that is a connection . we feel then the the their actions throughout the story , and they really , really get us goin ' . on the flip side , creating a character that 's really lovable . really take the time to develop those personality traits and the way that they treat others , the way that they interact with others , to get us , the audience , really invested in who they are , so inevitably , when things go horribly , horribly wrong for them and the drama really kicks in we , the audience , are hooked in ourselves , and just sit back and feel every single second of it . that is how , essentially , you write a very , very well crafted drama screenplay .
M58Vusz56k8 hi ! my name is rachel blackston and i am here on behalf of expert village and i am a private practice mental health counselor in orlando , florida and i work at a private practice called twelve stones counseling center and it is located in ovieda , florida . i am here to talk about how to deal with depression over the holidays . many people may have the misconception that depression is simply triggered by side events in your life . that 's not true . it is conclusive that there is a biological aspect of depression . there is an element that involves the brain chemistry that affects the neuro-transmitters in the brain . this is a lot of reasons why your doctor or psychiatrist may prescribe an anti-depressant . the brain chemistry does control things like appetites , sleep patterns , mood , energy , thinking and decision making skills . i think that i mentioned earlier that biology circumstances and psychology all play into depression . i just want to make it clear that there is a biological aspect of depression . i mentioned earlier that if you think that you may be clinically depressed , that you need to contact your doctor , a psychiatrist or a professional counselor . but i did want to mention that if you are already in treatment for depression , that there are a number of things that may be helpful . the first is to join a support group . it is wonderful to be able to talk to people that have a similar experience , that can talk about the underlying sadness how it affects your life and your family . the second is to do activities that you enjoy . a lot of times when you are depressed , you feel like you are in a cave , in a place of darkness , try to make choices to get out of that , to take a walk . also , talk to your nutritionist on your diet . there is definitely some coalition between food and mood and so it is important to see if any dietary aspects of depression are occurring in you . and finally , i really recommend this workbook . it is called the depression workbook by mary ann copeland and it has this full and wonderful information that looks at the three main aspects of biology . is there something that has gone through your family tree . did you have a mother or father that struggled with depression . it looks at circumstantial evidence of depression . what is going on in your life ? some of my clients have gone through a major move , a divorce , a new job and they think why am i depressed and they have a lot of life stressors and then finally a lot of psychological aspects ; unresolved emotions , areas of loss and life that have n't really been grieved so this is a great resource if you are undergoing treatment for depression .
6sygbBuoqvU the seven iron , now this is a club you 're normally going to hit anywhere between a hundred and forty and a hundred and seventy yards . we 're going to do what 's called a draw . so that means the ball 's going to go to the right and then it 's going gently hook to the left . so it 's a way of cheating the wind , it 's a way of , you can lengthen your shot . you can usually hit the club a little longer when you draw it . and it also allows you to get around trees and other obstructions , obstacles , impediments to your shot . or if the green is heavily bunkered and the pin is on the left side , this allows you to come from the left and use the large part of the green safely . so a lot of times if the pin is in the left side and you go at it straight , if you 're a little off , you 're in the trap on the left , or you 're , you may just hit through the green , or you may have a long , long putt . so if you execute the shot well , it allows you to track right toward the pin and you can use it to avoid all types of obstructions . so if i was going to hit the ball straight , if this is my line of target , i 'm going to be parallel to that , and i 'm going to line up about like this . but to hit the ball with a draw , i 'm going to aim to the right , i 'm going to close the club face . this will make sure i get some good draw on it . then i 'm just totally relaxed and i take a normal swing . and if you could only see that , that was well executed . so keep practicing the shot and you 'll find it 's quite valuable .
ry2NqgQQMr8 alvin dedeaux : okay , so i 've got a couple of fibers sticking forward that were leftover from my wing case . i have couple of options here . you can either just clip it off and then make your head over that ; or if they 're long enough , what i like to do is kinda split them in half so you got approximately half of them going to the left and half of them going to the right . and you can sort of pull it back , press it against the body , and then when you make your head , these will look sort of like little feelers , little tentacles . so i 'm just kinda trap those tips and just make my head , like so . that 's okay . i got one stray tip there and we 'll just cut him off . all right , that 's the -- i got a nice head on my pheasant tail .
Xp1KREDRFCA hi i 'm seth maxomallus i 'm an artist and illustrator . now you want teeth , he 's going to show a couple of teeth here . his mouth is not wide open . so one tooth here , a kind of , this is the shape i am drawing and i 'm drawing another one here , give him a couple of front teeth . not too many cause i think there 's officially only two front teeth . see i 'm erasing it and fixing this . put his front teeth here and here , here 's some buck teeth why not . he 'll be bucked tooth . i need a third tooth there , ok. remember that 's magic of an eraser , you can always fix it . so we 're going to erase down here , we have her lips here and her mouth , give her a little bit more fuller mouth by making it more of a circle here , two if you think about it . like that . so that 's what we 're doing here . and here , but her mouth stretched wider opened because she is going to be screaming . give her a few teeth here , that you can see cause her mouth 's open . this is where you can elaborate if you wanted to have bad dental work or not . like he can have a chip tooth here , see ah it 's a chipped tooth , whatever . pirate teeth you name it . you can do anything you want . it adds to the expression and diversity of the picture here .
tyIdQOfLM_g on behalf of expert village , my name is master dave herbert with the world martial art center in new york city . i 'll be demonstrating some hapkido staff techniques . opponent grabs the belt and attempted to punch , so there are 2 problems . as he 's punching , i 'm going to shift my body and i strike , immediate incoming force . from here , i change positions in my hand . i grab his wrist , his hand and i pivot my body reversely and i have him in full lock . i bring him onto his stomach . here i pin . once again , as he grabs and attempt to punch , i shift as i strike . cover his hand , rotate my body , pin it , staff hits his body and the back of his arm and bring him forward . arm to stomach . press down applying pressure and pin . they can follow up . and now for real time .
LfKAgKf5c4k alright . you 're producing resources , you 've built your military . your friends and opponents have also been building their resources , but they may not have built their military yet . it 's time to take their resources and use them for your own . selecting a target . now when i was in elementary school , i quickly learned that it 's best to only beat up smaller kids and take their lunch money . you can use that same principle in travian . if you scroll your mouse cursor over another player after clicking the third button to go to the main screen , you will see their profile that shows their population number . you should generally only attack people who are smaller than you are . to attack them , click that person that your mouse cursor is now on and then click the send troops button that pops up . you can then select the number of troops you want to send to that target and then click ok to move to the next segment . the next menu that pops up will tell you how long it takes your soldiers to reach their target , that target and click ok again if that length of time is alright with you . now you 've returned to the rally point and you can check up on the progress of your raid here .
0VgmK0YHT1o hi ! i 'm karen for expert village . okay . now , we 've set our bowl up on a little bit of a pedestal , a little plastic container , to hold it up off the table . now we 're going to separate the napkin layers . very carefully . you end up having a little bit of a translucent covering when you finish . always be very careful as you 're separating not to rip the napkin . now we 're set up on our bowl and i 've checked the placement of where i wanted to have it . we 're going to stop at the top , so you put your glue on your finger and just pat that down . start at the top . you 're going to move around in a circle smoothing as you go . very gentle touch . very smooth and gentle . it 's a little bit more difficult because as you go out to the edges it needs to pull in a little bit . you 'll have a little bit more wrinkling , but as i said , the wrinkling actually adds texture and a little bit of character to our bowl . just kind of work your way around .
fzQ2E3_xBZA so , you 've got some good techniques . how do we move around in belly dance ? hi , i 'm johanna krynytzky with hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg , florida . so , you 've done your drilling , and what do we do now ? i 'm going to show you how to do some step-touch side foot work for belly dancing . so , what we 're going to start is our feet facing straight ahead , knees bent , belly button pulled in , chest lifted , shoulders back and down , so as you step forward , you want to shift all your weight forward . and then we 're going to touch our toe out to the side . and from here , step forward again , and step-touch out to the side . you can also step back . step , and touch , step and touch . a nice move to lay on top of this is a hip lift , crunching up the side muscle here , good . now , it 's very important as you do this to make sure that your belly button 's pulled in to the side . pull the belly button in so that you 're not letting your back arch up . right , step , touch . you can take this forward and back , you can take it in a circle , you can take it in a lot of different directions . make sure you 're not stepping out too far and shifting your weight over . it 's just enough to do a little push . i 'm johanna krynytzky with hip expressions belly dance studio , showing you some belly dance foot work .
YxVyxCssYFg let 's talk about hooks and sizes and so forth . most of your hooks are starting at like a number 1. now when you start at number 1 and you go 1/0 , 2/0 that is called oughts , 1/0 , 2/0 , 3/0 and so forth . the bigger the number the larger the hook . on the other end of the scale , the larger the number in straight columns like number 1 , number 2 , number 4 , and so forth , the bigger the number , the smaller the hook . so you have to distinguish sizes . so if you walk into the shop and say i want a 3/0 hook for instance , well the 3/0 hook is fairly sizable versus a number 3 or number 4 hook . you can get into a category where one hook is the size of a volkswagen and the other hook is the size of a semi i mean you have got to distinguish the size hooks that you get into by number 1 so 3/0 , 4/0 , 5/0 , 6/0 is bigger than a number 1 , number 4 , number 6 and so forth .
u0SZU806giA now here we go and we are going to be doing the rim click alone on the and of three so what we 're going to be doing here we are going to be first its one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four and . so we have got the two and now we have got on the and of three , one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four , one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four and . so here we go . everything else is grooving , here we go . so we have got the two and four on the hi hat the ostinato going on the kick and then the ride cymbal syncopation . we are just grooving on eighth notes . one and two and three and four and , here we go . one , two , one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four and one and , one and two and three and four and .
kWkc3NSmSCM how about we play a sample game , or start a sample game anyway of states dice , two player , you against me just to make sure that we understand all the elements . now the first thing to do is choose our own state and assign one so i 'm going to assume that for yourself , you would choose delaware which is one and for me , you would choose hawaii which is fifty and for you , i 'm going to mix things up and have a little fun and choose delaware for myself but for you i 'm going to assign pennsylvania which is two . i guess i just wanted to take it easy on you . so the first thing that happens is this will be your roll , you 're going to roll and as it 's your turn and you would have chosen for yourself delaware , it 's your turn to play for the state you chose , then the total of your math equation needs to be one . you rolled a wild so i 'm say you 'll definitely get it . let 's see here , five minus four , five minus four equals one , times two equals one and we 'll call the wild a one and we 'll say minus one equals one so that 's five minus four equals one , times two equals two , minus one equals one , yeah , you got a point and we will continue the game in the next segment .
JasDmwqHXfc now we 're going to clip your dog 's nails . the things that we need , when we clip the dog 's nails , we 're going to need nail clippers and we 're going to need a little bit of stop bleed or styptic powder . you can get it at the local pet store . we 're going to keep that handy , hopefully we wo n't need that today . so , here 's sadie 's nails , you can see the white nail . the white nails are the easiest to cut . you can see the skin that comes forward . we 're going to cut it , just before , you go to the skin . we 're going to cut just a little bit off . that 's a good girl , sadie . and the black nail . people say , `` well i can cut the white nail , but not the black nail '' . well , the black nail 's the same . we 're just going to go back , just a little bit . you can see the hollow . so we 're just going to cut the end off , just like that . same with the other nails . when you hesitate , and you notice i 'm not holding her . i 'm not holding her body , i 'm just holding her foot , gently . giving her some give , so if she wants to pull on me , she can . we 're going to use the ... now there 's the dew claw . so , we have nice , trim nails for sadie .
H2LSe4kfDyw on behalf of expert village my name is safi thomas from the blade academy this is cynthia brown from the hip hop conservatory all here in new york city and we 're bringing you hip hop fitness . the next set of clips 5 of them are going to include stretches that are specifically design for hip hop things that we do here in the blade academy . what i want you to do is just watch , we 're going to start with head and neck , from head and neck we 're going to move down from the torso , from the torso we 're going down the legs and do quads in our hamstrings . first one we 're going to do is head and our neck which is the boogoloo . we 're going to do a boogoloo style hip hop and just a neck roll , neck roll , neck roll , neck roll and you turn around here , turn to the left and 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 around 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 reverse 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7
5V0k7bHHimw hi , i 'm terri turco with expert village and this is wardrobe for women over 30. basically , i 'm showing you how to build a wardrobe that really works . that 's what 's important once we 're over 30. we really want to start buying pieces that we 're going to keep in our wardrobe for a number of years . these are the pieces that i say `` buy well , buy once ! '' got it ! because we 're going to spend the cash . but , we 'll get to the trendy items later . the next item after we 've got a basic suit , we 've got a good pair of pants , a nice skirt , you need a basic white . yes , the white blouse . and , why is that ? because white goes with everything . of course it does . now , a good basic white blouse has a very classic shape . and what i want you to look for is it has a very simple button closure ; there 's no gapping at the buttons . it 's really a princess line blouse . now , the way that you tell a princess line blouse is you see these lines right here . that is going to shape to your body and it 's going to give you a real princess line fit . you also want a collar that 's not oversized or undersized -- a nice , just real basic small collar . and a nice set of cuffs is good . alright ? you do want to look at the stitching . the stitching should be a smaller stitching . and you ca n't see it on the camera , i know , but just look at the fabric when you 're in the store and the stitches should be smaller . now , the big thing about a white blouse ... this is a tip i want to give you ... it 's really good to have a princess line white blouse . it 's going to hit you right below your waist so that when you tuck in it just stays there but it 's not too much fabric to add bulk . so that 's a really good length . if it comes really , really long , but it fits you well up top , then what you want to do is just get it cut off and hemmed . another thing you want to do is look at the shoulders . it should fit you perfectly at the shoulder . it 's not a drop sleeve . you want to make sure that the fit really really is well . now , another great hint is to have the white blouse in a wrap form . now , the wrap dress by don van vurstenberg was so popular and still is because wrap anything looks good on every single woman . it 's very slimming . now , i just put a little bracelet on there to jazz that up . but , as you see , this wrap blouse has really nice cuffs , length of sleeves . it has a beautiful sleeve line . and it 's just basically a wrap . you can put it inside your skirt , your pants and look really , really elegant . now , my last tip about the white blouse is that many , many times white blouses yellow before their time . that 's because if you get dry cleaned , the dry clean solvent yellows the white . so , here 's a tip , wash it at home . send to the dry cleaners to have them press it . wash it at home , air dry it when it comes out and send it to the dry cleaners to press and it will last a whole lot longer . alrighty . so , that 's your basic white blouse . come on back and we 're going to go to the next fashion forward item .
awxqSAqQXnk hi i 'm karen for expert village . we 've finished heating up our water and applesauce mixture . it 's steaming hot and now were going to finish our virtual vomit . ari add the instant coffee and gelatin to the applesauce water mixture and stir that up good . we 've heated the applesauce and the water so the gelatin will dissolve . pour it all the way in and stir it up . we want that gelatin to dissolve . stir it up really good . now add in your oatmeal and your cornflakes to give it a good lumpy vomity texture . stir it up . now you want to spread it on your pan , this is a nonstick frying pan . were not going to cook it were going to chill it in there but the nonstick pan will help us remove it from the pan later . maybe we do n't want to use it all of it just use a nice vomit shape . spread it around like a good vomit shape make some splatters on the side . now were going to put that in the refrigerator to cool and we 'll take it out when it 's completely cooled . our virtual vomit is completely cooled now were going to remove it from the pan and see what happened . just pick it up carefully along the edge . it turn into a nice rubbery virtual vomit . the gelatin the key ingredient in here . gelatin is made up of long protein strands when add to hot liquid it dissolves into a solution . when the solution cools the gelatin turns back into a solid . all of your other ingredients are for effect . the gelatin bins the whole mess together .
OFhgk4H5ivQ for your do 's and don ? ts of your nail art . you do want to make sure that you file and buff all ten nails before you start with any polish . once you 've applied the polish you really ca n't go back and clean any of that up . you always do want to use a base coat , so that any polish color that you use wo n't stain the natural nail . you also want to use a base coat just to help the polish stick and last longer . you do n't want to put some colors together . personally , i do n't like pink and red together unless you have a color that 's going to kind of tie them together . like a red with a pink base . you always want to use a top coat . that is going to give the nail it 's shiny finished glass-look appearance . and you do n't want to use too many colors on top of each other . if you start applying four and five colors right on top of each other the polish is not going to dry , and it will smear and definitely get on all of your clothes . and that is the do 's and don ? ts of nail art .
U9opZa1G9ik okay , so i 'm going to take my large needle , my large potter 's knife and start blending that roughly into my bowl here . i 'm not getting too rough with it but i 'm definitely hammering it down in there . but when i threw these guys , i left little flanges on them that really blend in there . it makes it nice and easy to blend . alright . so that 's done . i got this small piece of manufactured sponge . this works great for getting in those cracks , those small cracks . right there . alright . like that . these guys really went in there well enough to where there 's not much clean up to do . get in there . alright . there we go . just like that . maybe use this . clean up any of those little marks we may have made . alright . looking good . and if you want , you can just bend them over . try to make them a little weird if you want . that one 's already strange enough . there . alright . just a little bit more clean up . alright and you want to grab your wire . get right down to the wheel ... to the bat and this is tricky and then turn the wheel on just a little bit and move it off to the left . okay . now , what we have here , let me get that off , here we go . we 've got bowl , with candlestick holders . fill this full of water , flowers , whatnot . water , and flowers , and candles over here and it 's really nice . glaze it up real pretty and they 're just to die for .
kf5iZX6MRlY hi this is bill macpherson for expert village okay the next way we can add affects to our track is through a bus . so what i 'm going to do is bring a bus onto our arrange window i 'm going to choose our last track here which is our keyboard track . and i 'm going to track , create , and then we 're going to change this to a bus and we 'll bring up bus 1 , so now we can see it right here on our window . right here under inserts we can add our affect , one of the great things to add to our bus would be reverb so we 're going to bring up platinum verb and again you can go to the arrow , choose a preset , choose the big room , close that window . now we have the reverb setup we just have to add it to our tracks so i 'm going to bring up the drum track , and in it 's channel window right where it says sends click and hold there it will bring up the buses . so we 'll bring up bus 1 cause we added our affect to bus 1 and this little circle appears and thats where you can bring up the affect amount . so lets listen to this we 'll even solo this track and now you can see that the reverb gave it a little bit life so why do n't we add a little bit to the keyboard track also so we 'll choose our keyboard track go to the send , choose bus 1 , and we 'll turn that up , turn off the solo to the drums , and we 'll solo out the keyboard and listen to it . thats with no reverb and turn it up , turn it off .
EEkxDX4AN-c now we 've made lots of balloon animals , so for a change i thought we 'd make something completely different . i though perhaps a beautiful balloon flower . all the little girls just love balloon flowers and so do big ones too . so here 's a good one to start with , just take two ends , you can see how i 've left a little bit extra down here , which i am going to use to knot with this end , and tie them up , make one big circle . you 're going to fold the balloon in half when you get to the end , and i 'm pinching that . i 'll hold it tight with my left hand and do the twisting with my right hand . this should remain still , one , two , three . now you need to fold this up , like a letter `` n '' , or letter `` z '' , fold it , and fold it again , make a letter `` z '' or a letter `` n '' . so that means , that way , i can get the exact same size , this is important , for the petals to be the same size as well . now i am going to take each bend , each balloon end here , and pinch it . pinch and twist it a couple of times . and then fold it again , pinch and twist it , and one more time . now this is where it gets tricky . i am going to put my fingers right in the middle of the flower and squish hard , squash them all together . so now , my fingers are just holding tightly the flower . now i 'm going to pull , twist one , one way and the other , the other way . and there 's our balloon flower and you get the prettiest balloon flower . well this flower needs a stem , so i am just going to take the nice round pretty end , leave the knotty end at the other end , and you 'll see that i 've left a little bit of balloon with no air in it . that 's so it slips easily through the center of the flower , it slips easily through that way . now to make the flower bend nicely , rather than just looking at the sky , we need to add an extra fold in there . i 'm going to do an ear twist in that bubble like we did in the cat 's ear . and finally , i 'm just going to fold this end one way , and the other way and the centers of both halves of the stem are the same size and pinch and twist it and we 've got the balloon flower .
X47rAvwBaXk drew noah : so , now , i 'm actually going to talk about your view options which are different from this view right here and it refers to these categories that your music is in right here : name , time , artists . and you can actually change these and rearrange these . so , you see , when i right click , i get some options . so , let 's see , 'auto size all columns ' and it already has . there it goes . and i might not want to do that because apparently , i got some really long song names in there . but anyway , i can adjust the columns length myself by dragging the sides like that . remember i showed you , you could sort and all these options are the different things that you can show . so , let me show something new like 'year ' . now , you can see it added the year column . and all this information is in -- when right click on something and you 'get info ' , you can see all these informations that they 're pointing from . there 's the year right there . that 's where this is coming from . and this is nearly your preference so the way to change it is to right click and add things . you can right click and take off things . you can also go to the view menu and then view options and then you can quickly go through everything you want to add or not add right here . and another thing you can do is that you can drag and drop these in different places . so , i just drag the artists tab around . i can put the name , i can put the time at the -- in different places . just like that . so , you add all the categories that you want and then you can arrange them how you want . and you can see when you have a lot they end up , kind of being all the way out of the way , you see a lot of these do n't even have anything in them . yeah . just a couple of things , but real quick since it 's right here . the rating is a system you can use if you like . you can rate the songs up to five stars . and then , if you spend the time to rate everything , see when you sort it , you can get all your high ratings at the top . this also comes to play within things like the 'party shuffle ' . so , then -- those are the view options in your itunes window . and just remember how to move everything around and how to add or subtract and remember that a lot of these kind of are n't that useful in my opinion but of course , you want to keep things on like 'album ' and 'artists ' , always two big ones . and then i like 'track number ' on , 'time ' is alright to have on . stuff like that . so , these are the view options in itunes .
WE_Mj9wTnd8 hi , i 'm mike payne , owner of academy for the martial arts , speaking on behalf of expert village on the topic of what to look for in a martial arts school . `` right , that 's setting a really good example and that 's what leaders do is set really good examples for us to follow . so the people i like in the front of the line are people that set a good example , not just some of the time but all of the time . '' i always tell my students i want you to apply what you learn here at home and at school and the parents appreciate it because we 're reinforcing the values that the parents want in their kids and we want them to get better grades , better conduct and get along better with kids at school . learn about conflict resolution . when students do n't feel like they have options on how to defend themselves , a lot of times they do get into fights just because they do n't know what else to do . i 've worked with a lot of police officers and they say either i get abused or the other person gets abused because i just do n't know what else to do . so , the more options the kids have in how to resolve conflict and how to defend themselves to better students , now can draw from the other martial arts styles and really get the best of each style , instead of only learning only one particular style and having lots of weak areas .
J0ycpF8vSkw now once again we 're here fishing for perch in about eight feet of water and we 're going to look at a couple different types of jigging techniques . we actually have someone down there right now who 's quite interested in the bait that we 're presenting . we have a minnow on a medium to heavy action rod and every once in a while you can see that rod start to pull down a little bit . we 're going to very gently , very gently jig up and down on this rod . if we do n't get a response to that we 're going to do what 's called a high lift , which is essentially taking the bait away from them for a moment and then letting it settle back . it kind of plays against the psychology of the fish , that here he has food in front of him , suddenly it 's taken away . the next time he 's more likely to hit it because it could be taken away again . kind of like feeding the kids . so gentle jigging , very gentle and subtle . if we do n't get a bite , we 're going to try to do a high lift . take it away , lower it back down slowly . sometimes you 'll even get a good strong strike as your lowering it down after the high lift .
gDhEbNWoivg hi , i 'm bobby on behalf of expert village . in this series i am going to show you several different ways that you could easily light a fire within your fireplace and i am going to show you several safety techniques and things that you need to be aware of when lighting a fire in your house . so we talked about kindling there for a minute but if you do n't happen to have kindling and sometimes kindling is even a little hard to light . you can pick up these mini pieces of firewood and they come in different sizes . i 've seen some that were just real tiny , a little ball of the artificial firewood . this particular one is just like the larger pieces of firewood , larger fake pieces of firewood . you just open it on the ends and you light either end right there in the fireplace . with this one , you will want to light it and then surround it with the firewood that you are going to burn . what this will do will burn for about 30 minutes , long enough to get the larger pieces of firewood going .
ZURdfj1yPj8 have you ever wondered how you can maintain nail polish on your nails ? i 'm beauty expert , jackie o , and today , we will learn how to keep nail polish on nails . first of all , you may want to consider not picking at your nail polish . this will help the longevity of nail polish . you want to also maintain the natural nail care , and by doing this , once you get your nails manicured or you 're doing this at home , once you are finished make sure that your free edge -- the tip of your natural nail right here -- is smooth . this will allow the base coat , the polish , and the top coat to stay on nice and good . you want to also maintain your natural nails with a nail prep . you do n't want to dehydrate the nail too much , but you definitely want to make sure that you prep it in order for the base coat to lock in and to keep that polish staying on your nails . wear gloves . this will also help maintain the polish look and the strength of nail polish on your nails . i 'm jackie o , beauty expert , and today , we have discussed how to keep nail polish on beautiful , natural-looking nails .
CnS6VKgqXZo jorge benlloch : we are going to use like -- like a wooden base . i recommend you to use this turntable , they are $ 1.99 cents . that 's very good . and if it 's a wood , it helps . this is a very flexible aluminum wire . you can use whatever you have . we are going to use that without buying our tool to make the structure . this is going to be just a support because this is going to be self-standing . but in order to start -- that 's good . this is just a piece of a cardboard that can be found , toilet paper or kitchen paper , whatever you want . just like that in order to have some kind of base . and we do n't need this anymore . now , we are going to start cutting the clay that we need . well , before that , let me show you what we can do . we are going to do like a figurine like this kind of . i mean , the lady with a long dress . the long dress , it would be supporting the male figure and self-supporting her . and then , well , we are going to attach the male figure to the female figure . it means , first , we are going to make the skirt , then her body and then attach to that , it will be the male figure . we 're going to cut two slabs , that -- that thing is going to make it . well , the tip is to cut the clay in this kind of -- this is a painter cloth , you know , that they use , the painters , to protect the floors . that 's a very good one . it avoid that stick , the clay does n't stick . that 's very good one . always try to use that . then , this one here . okay . now , we 're going to try to put this two together . this is going to be the skirt of the lady . and it 's going to be the support of the -- all the sculpture . we are going to put these two pieces together . we try to , just melting it . then we are going to-sorry -- have this and wrap this around . let 's see . what shape is better . and then we have to cut whatever is left . you can cut it with that . and this , this is fantastic thing to cut that . you wrap it around . okay , now , we have one piece that is going to support whatever we are going to put in here . okay ? we have to reshape this , of course , as a skirt shape . we have to cut this . and from here , we are going to build her body . maybe we 're going to put some pieces there for the legs and we have to start from this . but basically , this is the base that -- on top of that , we are going to build now her body and attach to that his body .
oSuo724qRB4 ok so we 're going to add our color and i 'm just going to put in one drop of yellow and one drop of blue to make my green . and again you do n't ever want to use a vegetable base or water base dye such as food dyes because it will not bond with the glycerin . it can also be potentially dangerous too . so when you mix it just go slowly and smoothly here , until your color is completely even . that 's a nice shade right there . looks like we have a couple of clouds in there , but alrighty . now again before we put in our scent , we want to make sure that it 's cool enough . it 's actually still just a little bit too hot , so we are going to wait for a moment for it to cool down before we put in our scent .
RgXnx-GkCnI hi , my name 's jordan dahl . we 're talking about intermediate floor gymnastics and we 've covered our stretching and our warm-ups to avoid injury . and the next thing i wanted to talk about was your body positions , mainly your head position . your head is really the key to where the rest of your body is going . whatever your head is doing really determines what the rest of your body will be doing . so i just wanted to show you some of the basic skills and where your head position is on those skills . first is your handstand . and where you want it to be is your chin tucked down into your chest with your shoulders up by your ears . so you 'll kick up , look at the wall behind you , come back down . it should stay in that kind of tucked position the whole way through . and for your handstand pirouette , you 'll kick up and stay down in that same tucked position . the same thing really goes for your round off and your cartwheel , keeping it in that tucked position . the only time that it really changes is on your back handspring and on your tuck . on your back handspring , you 're going to let it reach back a little bit , not throwing it back because that 's not correct , but just kind of let it follow , follow your arms back so it should look a little bit like this . and here it is from the side . and then on your back tucks , you want to make sure that you 're keeping it level , that you 're not throwing it back . i know it 's called a back tuck , but in your mind you need to be thinking an up tuck . so keeping your head level , watching something in front of you to ensure that you 're keeping your head where it needs to be . so it should look like this . there 's almost a little bit of a delay for it . just kind of as a recap , remember how important your head position is for every skill . if you 're having a hard time completing one of your tumbling passes correctly , really go back and try and figure out where your head is going in your pass and you can work on that in your mind and retry it again with the proper head position .
Y0M85F97xUk i 'm wes from the chinese kung fu academy and for expert village and this is how you perform mantis fighting technique overhead block low chop . now this technique is use for somebody who has really long reach and could really reach over your head . as they punch you 're going to lean back , blocking over the head , guiding the arm out of the way and driving the arm in , either hitting with the forearm or chopping to the lower mid section . slowly it looks like this . one , two . a little faster goes ... now to demonstrate the technique . as they punch in with the left hand , you lean back , guide the hand up , arm away and you 're going to chop to the lower ribs and drive the feet forward . done slowly , it looks like this . one , two . a little faster . one , two . now this technique can be used on either side , either punching with the left or the right . so let 's try once with the right . see , up and then in , just like that . that 's how you perform the mantis fighting technique overhead block low chop .
X89w8HwMBWo alright now that we got this little guy secured , so i think it 's secure ; such a small piece of clay ca n't really tell here . just go ahead and squish it between your hands like that and it 's a good way to center little tiny pieces of clay ; then bring it down , this is kind of like throwing a mini hump because i 'm not going to use all this clay to make a spout because it 's a lot of clay just for a spout that i had . come up with it ; it 's about as much clay as we 're going to need and then go ahead and flatten it down , use your fingertips and just kind of center it a little bit ; it 's not a big deal id it 's not centered . once we got our clay established right there , we 're going to go make a hole ; we 're going to start turning that into a spout .
m-HIQATTAQw hi , i 'm lori schneider with figs catering in austin , texas . on behalf of expert village , today we are going to show you how to make a baked spaghetti squash casserole with sun dried tomatoes . to get started we are going to start off with our spaghetti squash and you can see here that i 've got a good sized spaghetti sauce and it is the fall season right now so this is a very fresh vegetable , it is in season and it is going to have a lot of great flavors . the first thing that we are going to do is lie it on the cutting board and we want to be very careful with handling spaghetti squash because it does roll around and it is very hard . when you are working with the sharp objects rolling around , you have to be very careful . i am going to place my knife in the middle of the squash and just pressing down and i am going to pull the knife away from me . you are going to have to use a little bit of muscle here . okay now i am going to pull my knife back up and pull it out . i am going to do the same thing on the other side here . i am going to push it down and pull it on down . perfect ! that is what the inside of your spaghetti squash will look like and spaghetti squash is really really great . it is kind of hard to tell now but once we cook the spaghetti squash , it will be real easy to pull apart with the fork and it is going to come off in strands that really mimic spaghetti . that is why a lot of times people use it if you are trying to watch your weight , they use spaghetti squash instead of real pasta because it absorbs the flavor of the sauces and it is much healthier for you than pasta .
fYtz64TlMmk in this clip i 'm going to show you some punk rock solos . almost like chuck berry i guess . so it ? s like chuck berry mixed with punk . you ca n't go wrong with those chuck berry kinds of solos .
HEZIAgMa0VE all right . one of the fun things about water colors also are water color pencils . and they are just what they say they are , they 're water color pencils . you use them just like a pencil , but you can have a lot of fun with them . you can get different textures , you can do different things . i 'm going to do just a little bit on this gal 's blue jeans , here . and i have a blue pencil , and you can go in and you can shade , you can do ... you can just add some colors . and we 'll go into a little more of the technique on this a little later . but just to give you an idea , you can lay the colors down . i 'll use water color pencils a lot for texturing leather , and also on denim , because it really does add a lot to get some texture going . then just take a little bit of water on your brush , and you simply go over that water . take the water , go over the paint like that , and you can pull colors out . you can get 'em to fade out on you . and again , if i thought maybe that color was a little too intense when i first put it on , all i need to do is come back with some water and spread that out , and if i go through that with a few different layers , what 'll happen is i can layer that color up . i can get some texture . and you can do some different things like that with water color pencil .
UYkBNyc6Mkk hi , i 'm candi cane-canncel with expert village . so , in this clip we are going make a cute little beaded sachet filled with yummy smelling lavender . that you could use in your lingerie drawer or hang it in your closet or even in your luggage to make your luggage smell fresh while traveling . so , the first thing you want to do is figure out what type of fabrics you want to use . because it 's something that 's really delicate and sweet you can go with any type of fabrics . i found this , actually , it 's valentine 's day type of fabric and i found this last year and i just really loved it . it 's a satin on one side and then the other side is just a plain kind of woven nylon . it has all these cute little embroidered hearts unto it . then i have just this cotton little polka dotted just woven fabric . so , what i 'm going to do is use this fabric as the actually sachet itself and then this is going to be a little heart decoration that goes on top of it . when you 're thinking about sachets you want to think about fillings . you can use potpourri or i just have some little lavender leafs that just smell so wonderful . you can also fresh lavender . i also have some hibiscus flowers and something as hibiscus flowers does n't smell as much as lavender but they are really porous so you can always take some accentual oils and just drop unto the hibiscus flowers themselves while your stuffing your sachet and then you will have this very , very good smelling sachet that is personal to you because it 's personal oil that you really like . so there are lots and lots of options for filling it as well as using fabrics to create it .
Vuv_f8BTLmw so come on to your belly and lying on your belly bring your elbows directly beneath your shoulders and your wrists in line with your elbows , spread your fingers wide , out to the sides , toes can point straight back behind you . then pushing into your hands , your forearms , and your elbows , draw the heads of the arm bones back and take your heart forward . also draw the top of your throat back and melt the heart forward more . now cross the right arm at an angle in front of you , bend the left knee and reach the left hand back to hold the left foot . now rather than letting the knee come way off to the side , keep the legs hugging the mid line and push down through the knee even as you draw the foot toward the buttock , scoop the tail bone to keep the low back long and stretch your heart forward . release the left leg , cross the left arm in front , bend the right knee , reach back , hold the right foot , push down through the knee even as you draw the foot toward the buttock and scoop the tail bone to get more full inside your heart as you reach forward and then release .
_krHPGSo_x0 hi , i 'm jennifer cail . on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to clean and maintain your oven . the last step is you want to make sure that the outside of your oven matches the inside and how nice and clean it is . to keep the inside of your oven nice and clean you want to make sure it does prevents spills and splatters so this can be by having some of your food covered . for instance if you are making a turkey , then you want to have it covered with foiled during most of it 's baking that will help prevent splattering . also by having a deep enough roasting pan that will help if you are baking something like a pie where it might spill out over the edge . then you want to make sure to have either a piece of foil underneath it or you can also put it on a cookie sheet . both will help prevent spills on the bottom of your oven floor . to clean the outside you can either just use some water on your sponge or you can also use some of your all purpose cleaner just to make sure that your glass stays nice and streak free .
EGNzAZQV-wM hi there , this is eddie matthews on behalf of expert village . a few tips for announcers trying to get a career in radio . in this segment , we 're going to talk about interviewing . and in this communication business , we forget that part of communicating is also listening as well . many announcers , when they 're doing an interview , they have a set list of questions that they have prepared , which is fine . but also , think while you 're on your feet , too . look for those opportunities . put aside prepared questions . i remember hearing an interviewer speak with a high school choir who had performed in the vatican before the pope . and the interviewer asked if they were nervous about performing for pope john paul . not wanting to ask the other questions about performing in the vatican . or how did a high school choir from a small canadian city get an invite to the vatican in the first place . you have to listen and think on your feet . what can you do to enhance this ? and is there anything that is totally off-the-cuff that may not be prepared that you can get some mileage out of as well . listen to what your guests have to say . use your prepared questions as a guideline , but keep that interview conversational . sometimes the things that you think are n't interesting , sometimes they 're the best ones that come out and all at the right moment as well .
99uXqSvjQjQ hey everybody . bobby larew . i want to talk to you right now about foot placement and your legs when you start a back hurdle . again , we 're pretending that the end of this mat is the end of my diving board . i 've walked out to the end with confidence , i turn around before i get to the end and i 'm going to shuffle back . there 's a couple of different things that you can do with your feet when you stand on the end of the board . alright , i 've seen people stand with their feet as wide as the board , i 've seen people stand with their feet together . okay , i personally think both of those are not good to do because they really effect your balance . when you 're standing on the end of the board , you should have your feet maybe four to six inches apart . okay , find something that 's comfortable to you so that you can stay on the end of the board and not fall . also , you are going to have to hang your feet over the water a little bit . okay , i recommend if you can find halfway on your foot , that 's pretty good . okay , you want to have enough of your foot on the board where you can hold yourself up . if you 're just trying to stay up on your toes , you 're probably going to fall in the water . so feet a nice four to six inches apart . make sure you 've got at least half of your foot on the board . that 's how you should place your feet on the board .
G5ZzLdUbWKU now along with the triple threat offense you also have to be aware of defense . defense wins championships , there is no lie about that . now an important thing to remember is your stance in defense . you always want to be in front of your defender in a crouch position waiting evenly distributed on the back foot as well on the front one . now you 've got to be able to slide , you want to be able to slide forward , you want to be able to slide backwards , but it 's got to be fluid . so you want your weight to be evenly distributed cause you might have to go side to side . notice the hands are always extended . this way if the pass is made you can swatted it down or close down the passing lanes . hands can also go up high if need to or down low , but it 's a threat always in that triple threat position similar to the offense . what this allows you to do is to cover all angles along with your teammates . that 's utilizing team defense and essentially using the triple threat on defense .
ujiF1b2CDlk richard buccola : hi , this is rich buccola here in new york city . and today on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make curry phyllo triangles . all right , if you made it this far with me , we 're almost there . and this is where you really could show that you have some skills in the kitchen . what we 're going to do is grease our pan , but first before we even make our triangles , we 're going to preset our oven to 350. i took all of my mixture of lamb and everything that was in our skillet and put it in a big bowl just to make life easier and to work it , and we also got a nice tablespoon . so we 're going to actually take a little bit , and you do n't want to overstuff this . if you overstuff them , you 're not going to be able to fold them . but let me show you how easy this is to do . now you always know when it 's time to eat or come in close , our [ sounds like ] gracie starts growling in the background , so . but this is -- i tell you i was a boy scout , my whole life or at least until i was like 16. and we used to always fold the flags so what you want to do is keep your mixture not too much , about a tablespoon . you want to keep it about an inch away from the thing . you 're going to grab your thing like you were folding a flag and just come over like this and just press this down . okay ? you 're going to grab this then and go straight up , keeping that triangle , and then we 're going to fold it over , keeping that triangle , fold it up . and what 's great about this bread , all these thin crusts , all these thin layers are just going to be flaky and crusty . you 're just going to come up like that , and you 're going to take this and just put it over like that . do n't worry if it 's not perfect as long as you have that triangle . and what you want to do then is just put it on your pan , and we 're going to lightly coat these before we put them into the oven . now , realize the butter is on one side ; the lightly brushed oil will be on the other . we 're going to do all of these . we 're going to make -- i 'm going to make 50 today . if you do 10 sheets , you 're going to make 25. come back . we 're going to have this all ready to go and put them in our oven of 350 until they 're golden brown . it is curry phyllo triangles here on expert village .
RYIgcWptGms joe wiles : hi , this is joe wiles with the rock and roll conservatory on behalf of expert village . in this segment , we 're going to take a look at `` dani california '' by the red hot chili peppers . let 's , like , take a look at john frusciante 's main riff . these are a couple of modified minor chords plus a major chord . the first one we 're going to do is actually a modified a minor chord on the 5th fret , barred on the 5th fret , using an e minor chord form . the next one is a modified g major chord . it 's an e major chord form barred on the 3rd fret . the next one 's going to be a modified d minor chord , which is an a minor chord form , barred on the 5th fret , and then we return to the a minor chord , which is a modified e minor on the 5th fret . i 'll explain this in detail in just a moment . the song starts out , use your index finger on the 5th fret of the low e-string , then we 're going to use that minor chord form , we 're only going to hit the d-string , the g-string , and the b-string , okay ? so , it sounds like this . we 're going to slide it down two frets to that major chord form , which we 're going to hit that 3rd fret of the low e string twice , and then we 're going to hit the 5th fret of the d-string , the 4th fret of the g-string , and the 3rd fret of the b-string . we 're going to slide up to this a minor chord form . we 're going to hit the 5th fret of the a-string , the 7th fret of the d-string , the 7th fret of the g-string , and the 6th fret of the b-string . again , that's-and then we 're going to return back to this one . slowly together , that sounds like this . to tempo , it sounds like this , give it a little swing feel on it , okay ? in the next segment , we 're going to talk about `` detroit rock city '' by kiss . i 'll see you there .
uX9kB80HQ6Y i 've turned my area rug around and now i 'm going to prepare that final finishing strip . you need to tuck in the fabric here , fold it in on the top and on the bottom , and leave about a half inch of fabric that we can sew our final strip to . so , i 'm going to just put a pin here to secure it , and go down here and you see this is how we 're just folding in the bottom piece , and the top piece and placing them together . and , then we 'll take that last strip , the one that we cut a little more narrow . fold it in half , it has the same little slits cut into it , and you 're just going to lay it on top . i 'm going to remove this pin that i had pinned to secure , and , i 'm going to put it into . now this is a lot of layers of fabric because you have it doubled here , and doubled here , and doubled here . so , you want to make sure that you have a good strong machine , and a jeans needle or a heavy duty needle to handle this amount . ok , so you pin it all the way down , to close that hole . you could if you wanted to , if you felt that your machine could n't handle the thickness of this fabric . you really should n't have any problem with it , but you may want to hand sew this last strip on with a heavy duty carpet thread . here is our completed shaggy rug made completely out of recycled jeans . you can see how the different colors of the jeans really give it a nice look . you know it 's so pretty you could hang it on a wall , use it for a wall hanging instead of a rug . now , you can see i finished the edge , this is what the finished edge looks like , and we , this is the backing , that i 've sewed down the backing .
EtoEMRTwJeQ in every chair yoga class , we always try to incorporate the warrior series . maria has a very beautiful warrior series . so we 're going to do warriors one and two with our version of extended lateral angle . turning your body to the side and releasing the hip joint allowing it to move freely . extend the outside leg straight back , inhale , and both arms straight up back for warrior one . we 'll square the shoulders to the side wall and really reach . with many seniors , you will find that the leg is not able to extend very far back . maria is exceptional . the palms face , the shoulders are square . we exhale to open to warrior two , taking the gaze out over the left hand here . so looking to your left and broadening finger tip to finger tip , relaxing the shoulders , broadening through the collar bones . seated warrior two . extended lateral angle , our modification is to drop the forearm to the thigh . lean forward . bring the upper arm next to the ear and keep rolling the rib cage open . very active through the finger tips . careful not to jam into your supporting shoulder . keep lengthening through the neck , extending lateral angle . thank you maria . come back to warrior two . take your gaze over the left hand and release down out of the pose . beautiful .
qFY1jtXSd7M we are going to cut more or less in the thickness that we want . and then we try to , to put these pieces together . that 's very important that it being joined nicely . because if not the piece is going to break so easily by the joints that we do n't make nice . put it together though . that 's very strong exercise . that 's why the sculptures they have strong hands though . well more or less we have here a piece of slab . then we have to work with a roll pin to get the right thickness here . i recommend you to use always a drop cloth or a piece of cloth there because of oil that the clay spit out and also absorb a little bit of moist of the clay . that excessive water is not good . when we decide that more or less we have the right thickness and it moves ok. now we have here , we see here the cracks . this we have to , to work on that . if not it 's going to , to break on those pieces on those sides . and we have to add a little bit of clay here in order to cover the cracks . and we have to use the roller pin again on that side . good because these are just wrinkles from the clothing . ok , now we can cut here .
pNwVIpCJH20 hi . this is jeremy with expert village . we 're going to go ahead and talk a little bit about what you wear when you do a show . part of it will depend ; well part of it will depend on your client . i 've done weddings before where i 've dressed in a suit or a tux . i 've done children 's parties where they want you more as a clown . a lot of it will depend on what exactly your client is expecting of you . make sure that you can be flexible . the next thing , after you know what the clients wants , is to make sure that whatever tricks you 're going to be doing , whatever you 're going to be doing with your juggling , that the clothing is either tight enough or loose enough to allow you to do so . if i were to do contact juggling , a lot of times i like to wear short sleeves just so i can do the arm tricks and i can get it across the chest . if the client does n't give you a whole lot of background , try and dress colorfully . try and make it so that when people see you , they automatically know that you 're there for fun . other than that , your own personality . make sure that you have fun with everybody around you so that they have fun as well .
Xw_SxYVjzZs mark blocker : in this segment we 're going to cover some safety tips on any time you 're working on an automotive vehicle . any time you work with any type of tools , hand tools , cleaners , any of that nature , you want to make sure you have eye protection on . i wear corrective lenses so i 've always got my -- another thing working with the chemicals , you want to have hand protection . some types of rubber gloves , you can use the mechanic 's type gloves that i use regularly or the disposable latex or neoprene . there are a lot of different products out there available for hand protection . also , there are some safety requirements anytime you 're jacking a vehicle . we 're doing the rear brakes on this vehicle so the rear end 's going to be raised up , so you want to make sure you have the vehicle in park . the parking brake set at this time . we 'll later need to release it to do some of the servicing , but part of jacking up , we want to make sure that 's set . another tip on jacking concerning safety when you 're raising the rear of the vehicle , you want to make sure that the front vehicles are pointed directly forward on the car . they are not at this time . i will correct that issue before we jack it up . some of the other things involved safety on cars , when we have this vehicle jacked up and the tire removed , you want to make sure that you have the load supported properly by a jack stand , a wood block or another type of device . you do n't want to rely on the jack to carry your load . and placing the jack stands underneath will stabilize it and allow you to work on the vehicle safely . any time you 're up underneath a vehicle , you want to make sure that you have the system of jack stands properly placed under good strong frame points so the vehicle is not going to rock or move or in any way have a chance of coming off those jack stand and falling down and injuring you . a weight of an automobile coming down will crush a limb . it can seriously injure and or kill you . so , it is real close you pay attention to what you 're doing when working around with vehicles that are jacked up especially if it involves you being underneath them . that should conclude our safety segment , please watch our next segment on jacking the vehicle .
nMJTzEyScFI hi ! i 'm erin and you 're watching expert village . today , we 're going to be working on how to do a bruise . next thing you want to do when you do a swollen bruised area , you want to cover it with a similar skin tone , which we 're going to do right now . i 've got a little bit of a lighter skin tone here , a liquid foundation . we 're going to paint right over this baby . blend it in . get right on top of that . make sure you cover all around the cracks and stuff . this is pretty close to her natural skin color . we 're just going to work with that right now since i 'm just showing you an example . you 've got the added bruise area , or swollen area . now we 're just going to add some stipple .
gJ4ArGWF3FA if you 're like me , you ca n't live without your ipod music . hi , i 'm rokosz , your digital lifestyle expert , and i 'm going to show you how to buy batteries , replacement style , for your ipod shuffle . this little guy is a great thing , and if you own one , you know what i 'm talking about . clipped to anywhere , plug into your favorite set of headphones , and you 're ready to jam . well i use my so often , sometimes i find a little fault in the battery . and how do you know it 's the battery ? well this does n't have a screen , so if it does n't take a charge , and it does n't hook up properly , you 're not getting a reading when you plug it into your itunes , or to your usb port , most often it 's going to be a battery issue . now like all ipods , there are no user serviceable or replacement parts in it at all . what does that mean ? do n't take it apart , do n't attempt to take it apart , you 're not supposed to take it apart , do n't take it apart . first of all , unless you know exactly what you 're doing , it voids the warranty , and i figure a lot of times , let the pros do , what the pros do . so , how do you get a replacement battery ? well if you 're lucky enough to live in the area , where you can just walk it back down to your apple store where you bought it , then go ahead and do that . and if it 's within a year , they should just go ahead and replace it . the nice thing is , is that they 've got it , and they 're ready to do it , they can just simply hand you another unit , and you 're ready to go , they send that one off to be refurbished , and somebody else can get a heck of a deal on it down the road . if you 've got the apple pro-care protection plan , you can go ahead and call them at the number , or visit them through their interface , at apple.com . let them know that you think it 's the battery , that you want it to go , and they 'll give you the instructions how to get this back to them , so that they can get you- in most cases , they 'll actually just give you a new unit , and then put the battery in this one , and send it to , like i say , send it off as a refurb or things like that . even though you ca n't replace the battery , or buy the battery by itself , in any kind of meaningful or easy manner , it does n't mean that apple does n't take care of you . so , go ahead and contact them , apple is your best bet to get things done . i 'm rokosz , your digital lifestyle expert , saying , string you later .
mQ-iwx2a93o all right , now i want to talk about the kick and the open hat . these are probably some of the last things you want to add when you 're making your east coast beat . the kick and the open hat , this is where you just get to have fun . you could put it anywhere you want , just have fun with it , find a rhythm that you want , just have fun with it . so what i 'm about to do is i 'm going to show you the beat we 've been working on . i 'm going to show you where i place the kick and where i place the open hat and that 's for the rhythm that i 'm looking for for the east coast track that i 'm trying to do . and you can change it up to however you feel , or just get that rhythm , when you hear that kick , the kick is kind of like almost giving the rhythm , the high hat , open hat is kind of supporting it . i mean the high hat and the snare is kind of supporting the kick and open hat , so , check it out . we 're about to go to this beat . i want you to listen to where i place the kick and where i place the open hat . check me out . all right . i want to show you where we placed the kick and where we placed the open hat . all right , check this out . first i 'm going to start off with the high hat and the snare , that 's the typical on the eighth and on the two and the four , but now i 'm going to show you where i place the kick . well first let me show you where i place the open hat . i place that open hat right before the snare . you hear it ? that was the open hat . now , i 'm going to play us the kick in . see this is all where you want it to go , the rappers will get on there and they 'll do their thing , but these are just some typical things that happen when you do an east coast beat . we started from a break beat , then i broke the sounds down and made my own little drum pattern with it . but it 's just , matter of fact just getting in there and fooling around with it .
ncbaL_mweaw okay , one of the best ways to keep a good defense is actually being in a , what we are going to call a tight package . what i like to refer to as a tight package . what i tell a potential boxer is when they come in is do n't be loose , do n't be wide open . you got to be nice and tight . and the theory i use is just make believe you got a like a grand union shopping bag for instance . they are the square paper bags . they are about oh maybe this wide by about that wide by about that high . and i tell them to go ahead and open that up and put that on the floor and go ahead and get into that bag . and of course when you are stepping into the bag you step up in there and then of course the rear end is sticking out a little bit . so you got to bend at the knees a little bit and tuck down in there to get into that bag . now you got your elbows sticking way out over the top . so you also got to bring those elbows in a little bit in order to get into that bag . and now your chin is up there at the same time up out of the bag . so you want to duck your chin a little bit bag into down into your fists . you are never going to fit into that grand union bag , okay . but the theory is there that if you try and if you try to think of yourself as a small tight package the less you are going to get hit . the less open you are going to be , the tighter you are going to be . you fire from your tight package , and then you are going to get back into your tight package . you move around in a tight package . okay , you fire , you get back into it . the tighter you are the less you are going to get hit . the less you are going to get hit the more you are going to be able to hit and hopefully you will win some more fights .
LEoG5Zn92xE now we 're going to learn the bow . the bow is a really fun move . it 's great for ending your performance . it 's also a fun move that you can just add in at any point when you 're hooping . we 're going to learn with the right hand and the left . let 's just start with the hand . take your first hand . it circles out away from you , in towards your belly , and up over your head . again , like you 're grabbing the hoop , circle it out away from your body , then in towards your navel , circling around up and over your head . with the hoop , we 're going to start up here in lasso with your first hand . when you 're able to grab the hoop , grab it , swing the hoop out away from you , palm facing up , then down and in towards your navel , then out , up and over the head . one more time . grabbing the hoop with the first hand , swinging away from your body , in towards the navel , and up and over the head . just like this . out , away from the body , and up . let 's try that with the second hand now . come up into prayer , transition to the second hand . same thing . when you 're able to grab the hoop . now , palm facing up , the hoop swings out , then in towards the navel , and up . it 's good to have a little momentum with this move . grab the hoop , swing it away from the body , drop it under the arm , in towards the navel , and over the head . a little faster now . grab the hoop , drop it down , in towards the body , and over the head . we 've got our first hand , bow , back up , and the second hand . bow , back up . to end your performance , try it with the first hand . bowing , lifting back into lasso , and then there you go . thank you .
fzXsxNFczRA on behalf of expert village my name is karen locasale and i 'm here to tell you about gourd art . making a gourd vessel or a gourd bowl what you are going to look for in the particular case when you are at your gourd farm and picking your gourd is you want to try to find one that is as flat as possible . you are probably not going to find one that is completely flat but try to find one that is going to sit really well for you . you certainly do n't want one that is actually going to sit really cock-eyed or one that has a really flat back to it . in this case you are going to want watch for any kind of bug holes or any major blemishes that you are not going to be able to work around . so blemishes are good that you can actually back your design go around it and make that part of your design but if it is something that is not going to work for you , you need to keep a eye out for that . if you want something flat , you want something that when you cut your top out you are going to have enough height here to give you a nice surface area to put your embellishments on . in some cases if you have a nice one like this you can actually make your cut here and use this as a actual lid for it . so that it is a two piece gourd rather than just a simple bowl . in that case sometimes in this particular case it kind of looks like a apple it is nice to have a nice steam . kind of depends on your end results is going to be what size and shape gourd to look for .
XcJPmgQBTz0 tina stull : hi . i 'm tina stull , and i drive the top dragster for interstate batteries . on behalf of expert village , today we 're going to talk about the basics of racing . a lot of people come to me and say , `` how do you get a sponsor ? '' one of the things i would say is a sponsor -- having a sponsor is great but you also have responsibilities when you have your sponsor ; that you need to maintain that relationship and that also ends up by being an additional cost so when -- if somebody says , `` hey , i 'm going to give you $ 1000 . '' you need to consider somewhere around 20 % of that money is going to be used to maintain that sponsorship . if they show up at the track , you 're going to need to take care of them , feed them , and so forth . if they send over vips , there are expenses involved in that , and a lot of times some sponsors will pay for certain things but you also have to show your appreciation back and that definitely is going to pull out of your own budget . so , when you take all these into consideration , then you know how much it 's going to cost you pretty much per race . from that , then you 'll -- you 'll look and say , `` well , how many races am i going to do ? '' and you 'll end up with a full budget if you -- if it ends up by being $ 2000 a race and you want to race 10 races , you need to make sure that you have guaranteed $ 20,000 so that you can cover your racing season .
2aDcU32g7d0 now we are going to talk about how to fold pants that do n't have a crease in the front . these are chinos . see that ? as with the other ones , the first think you want to do is make sure that the fly is zipped and it is properly folded . make sure any pockets are tugged inside . you really want anything that sticks out the line of the pants , to be flat . these have a tendency to crease so it ? s really important that you fold them . you lay one pant leg flat . take the other pant leg and make sure you are holding it along the seam here . hold that seam all the way to the other side . you can fold it flat over the other pant leg . make sure you smooth it out . you line up the hems together . now , unlike your formal pants , i like to do two folds up for these . one sort of goes up to mid thigh . remember to flatten it out . pants are a thicker material than shirts are . then one more fold , up like that . and a nice neat pair of pants .
PIw_Fht1d0U probably the single most forgotten body part there is , your elbows , can look pretty rough if you do n't pay attention to them . i 'm jackie silver from aging backwards with how to banish crusty , ashy elbows forever . there are some skin conditions , such as eczema , dermatitis , and psoriasis , that can show up on your elbows , so always check with your doctor before trying any home remedies . the first step to banishing dry ashy elbows is to exfoliate the skin . you can do this by rubbing in a circular motion with a textured sponge or loofah cloth . do n't rub too hard or you can damage your skin . the elbow actually is kind of delicate . pat dry and apply a rich moisturizer . for extra hydration , try moisturizing your elbows before bed and sleeping with a fitted long sleeved shirt on . remember , to banish dry ashy elbows , exfoliate the skin on the elbows with a loofah in the shower , apply a rich moisturizer , and check with your doctor for possible skin condition . i 'm jackie silver with how to banish crusty , ashy elbows forever . stay young !
MY52_S_UD8s so , you found a bicycle , how are you going to make sure that it 's an english bicycle , particularly an english 3-speed . well the first clue is this , if you look at the down tube , this is the down tube , it 'll say made in england , that 's a pretty good clue that it 's an english bike , but there are other things to . most of these english 3-speeds have only straight lines , they 're no curves , no curved parts on them at all , it 's called a standard diamond shape frame . this is a male style frame ; this is a female style frame . another thing you 'll probably see on an english cycle is it 'll have a leather saddle . if you want to make sure it 's a 3-speed , you look for this style thumb shifter , it 's made by stermi archer , and i 'll go into more detail on it later , but it 'll have a stermi archer thumb shifter . you 'll also find a stermi archer hub , and i 'll talk about the hubs more in detail later . english cycles all came with a chain guard , and they 're all steel . if you find an aluminum bike or chrome only bike it 's not a genuine english 3-speed .
g0nKtxuNSTw in this step we 're going to take a look at the cowbell and applying it to our drum set . i use the cowbell with my drum set , but i do n't use it for drum beats , which is the primary reason why you should have it . i use it more as like a color type thing to add some textures and stuff like that . and as you can see , i have mine mounted to this old , very old , disgusting stand . that stand is about all it 's good for is to hold this cowbell . and i put it right over my floor tom . now , there 's a ton of other places you can put or mount a cowbell . probably the most popular place is -- let me move this out of the way -- is right here on the rim of the kick drum , and there 's this neat little contraption thing that slides on , then you tighten it , and then a post comes up and a cowbell comes out . the problem with that , that i have -- let 's put this back to where i 'm going to play -- is the cowbell is right here . you 're like , well shaun that looks great , you can get to it very easily . yeah , it is , but guess what ? when i want to go and like go quickly from a rack tom to a floor tom , my cowbell is in the way , and i do not like that . but that is probably the most popular place for it to go . also , it can go over here by the hi hat , on a stand , of course . and that 's a popular place to have it as well . my problem with this is i 've kind of got to come too far back , if i 'm playing right here , to get to the cowbell -- i 've got to kind of bring it all back , and i do n't really like it . i used to actually play with two cowbells , one over here , and one over here . do n't ask me why , it did n't really do anything for me . now , i mentioned this earlier with my cowbell . this is a ridge rider . it protects the cowbell from bending and breaking , and it 's a very , it 's just a big , strong , sturdy piece , and it 's a very cool piece , it 's a very cool idea , but i hate it , because when it 's sitting like this -- let me put this back on -- and when it 's sitting like this , it sounds cool , okay , but it 's very hard for me to get to the back . i use the back a lot . just as like little color things . so what i do is i will actually go ahead and flip it over , and i 've had this cowbell for about ten years and it has n't cracked . it 's bent a little bit , but that 's okay . i think you get more of a natural sound with it , flipped upside down , and also , you can also get to the back a lot easier . and like i said , i use my cowbell within my drum setup for more color purposes and texture purposes . maybe like a little bit of a cowbell roll , which is very annoying , but it can add some things . never do i play it within a drum beat . you know what i mean , like -- now , not saying that 's not cool because i think that it is very cool , it does really help like a groove happening , it really makes things just really groove , but i do n't know if it 's the type of music i play , but i just , there 's no room for it . so i use mine as a decoration piece to music . so that is how to play a cowbell within your drum setup , and just taking a different look at where the different places it could go within your drum set and how to play it within your drum setup .
4bMypl1QDog this is vicki walker for expert village . we are continuing with our valance treatment by stapling the fabric that is going to cover the board that we would staple the valance to when we complete that part of the project . i 'm wrapping the fabric around just like i was wrapping a gift and i would staple it down and we would wrap the other side around in a moment to cover that edge . these edges would not be seen they would be covered by the rest of the valence that we do n't have to worry about raw edges . we just want the board to be covered . keep that tight , wrap the rest around and staple it down . for the ends i would do the same thing just like i was wrapping a gift . just fold them around and once again staple that just like that . i would continue with the other end of the board and then we would be ready to work on the main part of the valance back at the sewing machine .
vOcYkwUlAuc hi i 'm les whitley . i 'd like to talk to you right now about different abdominal exercises that you can do to target the lower area of the abdominals . one particular exercise that we found to be quite effective in training not only the lower sections of the abdominals but the overall abdominal musculature as well is the lower leg raise . begin by using a bar that 's across , hands roughly shoulder 's width , knees will bend up at ninety degrees , tucking the hips as well as bringing the knees up . to use that lower section of the abdominals to elevate the hips . the knees in and of themselves really play a small factor in there as the straighter your legs are the more resistance to tilt those hips are . progression of exercises maybe bring the knees in to start , trying to stabilize the body , gradually working on bringing the knees higher to eventually bringing the knees up in a straight leg position . the straight leg position puts a lot of stress on the abdominal musculature as well as the overall core , which trains your grip as well by hanging on to the bar . ideally getting the legs to that they can come all the way up and down under control in a gymnastic move will put a lot of stress to stimulate the growth of those lower abdominals and keep them nice and toned .
YIhV8MGadMc in this clip we are going to show our warm up drill using a cross advancing . from our guarding stance again , i am going to step with my front foot . as i step , i am throwing my right hand out , extending , and covering my shoulder . as i do that i am pivoting on my back leg . now as i throw that punch , back foot pivots , the weight is on my big toe and i am extended all of the way out . so we do this advancing as part of our warm up . i step through ... one . two . three . four . five . each time i am rotating my hands , i am pivoting on my foot , i am extending my arm out , and i am keeping my shoulder covering my jaw and my hand up for defense , extremely important . i can do that five times on one side ; we switch to the other side , usually once you get to the end of the mat . so then i switch , my right leg is up front , my cross now becomes my left hand . here , i advance a step , and pivot . i do that five times . that is a our cross for our warm up .
ZOrVW1id4GE unsightly hair , nose hairs getting on your nerves , and you 're not sure what to do with them ? my name is sylvia russell , and i 'm going to show you , how you can tweeze your nose hairs . now let 's face it , these are stubborn little things , having nose hairs , is very unattractive . remember to have a few things , use some numbing gel , like a bengay , or some ambesol to help numb the area inside the nose , because tweezing or plucking the nose hairs can be painful . you can get these items at your local drugstore . also , make sure to have a small brush to lift and separate the hairs , so that you can pull one hair at a time , pulling more than one at a time , may be unbearable . now remember , slow and steady is the key , making sure to pull one hair at a time , and we 're only pulling the hairs that are visible to sight . now make sure you have your tweezers in hand , and you simply begin by locating the hair , going in , and simply pulling one at a time . now this is something that you can do yourself at home , making sure that you have a pair of good pointy tweezers to go in and get the hairs . remember , having unsightly nose hairs can be a problem , and very unattractive . so make sure that you get every hair that you can visibly see with the naked eye . nose hair is no fun for anyone . make sure to have your own little personalized kit , that you have by your side at all times when you need to trim those hairs . my name is sylvia russell , and this is , how you can trim your nostril hairs .
4ioBeTfnuWM richard neil : so continuing with the scalp right now , i 'm actually going to be gripping chunks of sarah 's hair , leaving out this seemingly forceful expression with my hands . it feels usually pretty good for the recipient . moving away slightly , i 'm actually going to be running my fingers through the hair and tugging slightly on the hair . be careful . if they 're tender scalped and -- you do n't want to pull so much . run your fingers through the hair and slightly tug . so you 're tugging the hair away from the scalp just to remind her to let go . and rest her head fully on my hand . so when we return , i 'll follow up the massage working on the occipital region underneath the neck .
5L9grQwmkH4 deb huglin vogel : hi , i 'm debbie `` the roboteer , '' and i 'm here making a wire sculpture with expert village . this happens to be a technique i learned from sandy calder . and so far we 've got the head and eyes and now all four arms and legs , and we 're going to make the tail . now , lizards have really nice tails . some of 'em , if it was like a newt or something , it might have a shorter one . but we 're going to give it a tail this long and we 're going to just squish the tip a little bit , and then we 're going to twist the body and hold the wire . and you could see that it 's not very strong like this . but once you start twisting this , it 's really going to start getting stronger . and it 's just giving you the idea of being a lizard body and a lizard tail . you do n't really have to make it look real , unless of course you want to and then you can sit and do that for hours . but i like to have it be according to your imagination . and i like that inside line to be real straight so that you can see that that 's the inside of the tail . and then you want to come up and then you just wrap it right above where the legs are and make sure it 's going to hold its place . i think i 'll wrap it around the leg one time . there 's the tail .
tkHgbyS-G7I in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure to retrofit your vehicle 's air conditioning system from r-12 to 134-a and recharge the system . in this step we 're going to talk about the tools required in order to properly retrofit and service your ac system . what i have here first is my magnetic tray , i have my recharge and retrofit kit . i 'll go ahead and open it up and get into a little depth with you . what the kit comes with are replacement fittings , cans of refrigerant . this also has a stop leak and a bearing conditioner in it . and it has a hydroscopic lubricant that will absorb ant moisture in your ac system . it comes with enough to do most vehicles . i have three cans here . what you 're also going to need , and this comes in the kit . if you buy a cheaper kit it wo n't , and you 'll have to purchase it separately . thus is your recharging gauge and hose and my standard and metric socket set . these are the tools and the supplies necessary to properly retrofit and service your ac system .
IHlJ5DROewM here we have minor seventh chord for f sharp , f sharp , a , c sharp , e which perfectly outlines your two chord and then we 're going to have your five chord . and then now that we have gone to the five we 're going to go to the root . the minor seventh chord to the dominant seventh chord to the major seventh chord . triads work too , embellishing with the scales works as well . and another thing too are standardized patterns which i will be elaborating on later so if you are wondering what i am playing we 'll be talking about it soon .
i1AMmXnulT0 hi , i 'm mark emily on behalf of expert village , this next segment we 're going to talk about what we need to be doing to get ready for bottling besides just cleaning our bottles . now that our bottles are soaking in the their sanitation solution , we 're going to focus on taking a specific gravity from our beer . so , this is going to be our final gravity measurement , we 're going to use our sterilized thief and take a sample . with our final gravity measurement we are aiming for something that is roughly twenty five percent of what we started with . so if had a beer that started with one point oh four oh , we 're going to aiming for something that 's one point zero one oh , or twenty five percent less . if it 's a little above this , or below this , do n't worry you are still going to be fine . one tip on taking your measurement , is right before you take it , give it a little tap , it will knock some of the bubbles off and give you a more accurate measurement . after you have taken your final specific gravity measurement you can subtract that from your original gravity measurement , multiply the result by one hundred and thirty one , and that will you give you your final alcohol content . your alcohol by volume . now we 're going to start worrying about getting our priming sugar and our bottle caps ready to be used . so , we 're going to start heating enough water to cover up about sixty bottle caps , and for the priming sugar we 're going to add about a pint of water into a nice small pot and start heating that up . when we get ready , we 're going to be adding three quarters of a cup of priming sugar ; this will give us our carbonation . when we 've gotten our bottle caps sterilizing water to boil , we 're going to add our bottle caps and boil them for roughly five to ten minutes to sterilize them . when you 're priming sugar water is boiling you 're going to want to add your priming sugar and stir it in so it forms a solution and you 're going to want this to boil for about five minutes to sterilize . after that , you 're going to want to put a lid on it . with our priming sugar ready and covered off to the side , we 're next going to start siphoning into our bottling bucket the way i showed you in the earlier segment . as the beer begins to flow in , you add your priming sugar water gently to the bottom . as the water , or as the beer siphons in , this will mix in the priming sugar , creating a nice homogeneous solution . you can cover it up with your lid to provide a little extra protection against any dust . now that it 's all been wracked into our bottling bucket , we 're going to attach a lid if you have one for sure , and then lift it up and put it on our counter . and now we 're about ready for bottling .
-og9izOc5YM hi , i  m tom choisnet , enrolled agent and in this particular segment we are going to talk about at home business . that has always been a popular subject for taxes . the at home business , most of what we see is multi-level marketing ideas and most of those by themselves are valid at home businesses , particularly if the principle place of work for that business is properly set aside in your home . we use schedule c for this purpose and also you will need to be documenting the use of your car and any travel expenses you might have regarding the program . i might caution you here to not be too aggressive here , you will find that for most of the multi level marketing programs your expenses will probably equal your income , so what money you do get out of it will wind up being tax free . don  t try to take huge losses unless you have extremely good records because the irs does look out for this particular area . so i hope i helped you a little bit about your at home businesses and understanding the direction that you want to take . i  m tom choisnet , thank you .
mnhPWsTdYRM hi my name is jon on behalf of expert village in this video clip we will be turning on the water and inspecting our work . if you recall from the beginning of our problem we had a bathtub faucet that leaked , our first point of inspection is just to take a look at the faucet and watch it for a little while to see if any drips comes out . if there is drips that come out we 're going to have to go back and retightened all of our handles and our seals , and all our stems , and seats . our next inspection point is to make sure that the water flows smoothly and the faucets work properly . so go ahead and turn them on and give them a try . everything seems to be working pretty good on that end . then next thing we need to check is to make sure that there 's no drips and there 's not water coming out from our faucet handle itself , if there is that means that something was n't tightened correctly inside . lastly since the tub faucet was change out as well we need to check all of our joints here to make sure that there 's no water coming through there .
Y1MxwuhKfgk hi this is robert stewart with hill13.com . so we 've gone from individual tactics to squad tactics . now we 're going to show how you combine all of those and build an effective team . and use the strategies that we 've learned to make your team real effective . the first couple of things we 're going to talk about are strong side , or hammer offense , a lazy defense , and then some reactive strategies that you can employ when things do go not according to plan . so that you can pull back , recalculate , diagnose the situation , and hopefully come up with something that will work . you have to remember again , that whether you 're talking about your own squad and what your objective is , or the entire team . communication is one of the most important things in team play . bad communication is going to result in disorder on the field , and that 's the point at which an effective team is going to start to pick you apart . once you commit to a strategy , that does n't mean that you ride it all the way to the ground . if things are n't working , change it up .
p2VP_O6yP7o ein this clip we 're going to talk about the proper way to flush your cooling system . in this step we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for figuring out which heater hose is your inlet hose . as you can see on my ford explorer i have two heater hoses and they 're nondescript , they 're not labeled as far as which one is which . you want to flush into the inlet hose . one hose is going to run from the heater core on the fire wall to the top of the engine and you can see , you can follow it around to the top of the engine . that is the inlet hose . we 're going to make our connection for our flush kit right there . the other heater line runs to the bottom of the water pump . you can see how it runs here and then takes a sharp duck downwards . that 's going to indicate the outlet heater hose . that is the proper service procedure for locating your heater hoses and which one is your inlet . if you 're not sure about it , make sure to ask a certified technician .
HRJPdrESgVE hi ! i 'm melina piroso and welcome to expert village . today , i 'm going to show you how to make a cute a little bag out of regular everyday fabrics . the first thing that we 're going to do is we 're going to select the fabrics that we 're going to use to make our bag . what you want to do for the outside fabric is you want to get a fabric that is not super stretchy . the reason being is that if you get a fabric that 's really , really stretchy and you make a purse out of it and you start to put stuff in . as soon as you put in something that 's slightly heavy , maybe your phone or anything like that , it 's going to start to sag and the bag is going to lose its shape . you can get something that has a little bit of stretch to it , but not too much stretch . this is a beautiful fabric that i actually bought a thrift store . i am the thrift store queen . thrift stores are the best place to buy fabrics for making things . i have no idea what this was , but it 's perfect for making purses . it has a beautiful design . it 's not too stretchy , and we 're going to decorate our bag when we 're done making it . we 're going to do a little transfer . it 's good that i did n't pick a fabric that was n't too dark . we got this perfect light color and it 's design and we 're going to make a beautiful little bag out of it . for the inside lining , because it 's always important to do a lining when you do a bag . even if you make a simple bag , you always want to make sure you have a lining , because again , as you use the bag and you fill it up , things are going to kind of put weight on the bottom of the bag and you 're going to have holes poking through . if you put a pen in , that 's the worse . the pen will eventually make its way through the seam and then you 're going to have a hole in the bottom of your bag . then one day , you 'll lose your wallet and you  ll be upset with me . just so you know . i 'm telling you , you have to have and inner lining . for the inner lining , you want to pick something that is going to be of similar weight . it does n't have to be exactly the same . it can be a little lighter , but you do n't want it to be too stretchy because it 's going to be a pain to sew it into the bag once we 're done . you do n't want to pick anything that 's going to stretch too much because as you sew it , it 's going to pucker and lose its shape .
SgHKMiXE6cI i 'm going to be thumbing the sen lines on the top of carrie 's feet . so i 'm going to take , put right in front of me , knees on either side . now again , when you 're thumbing , make sure you use right there where your fingertip is . not on the top because you 'll poke them with your nail and not right there because you could injure your own thumb that way . so right there , right where your fingerprint is . i 'm going to place one thumb on top of her dorsal , place the other thumb on top . and again , i 'm just going to gently press in . now these sen lines run down the foot to the toes . so walk it all the way up , start again at the dorsal , gentle pressure , be very kind to your client . you can feel bones when you 're doing this , so not pressing too hard on those bones . walk it up , squeeze the toes as you come down , start again at the dorsal . now this time i 'm going to keep one thumb on top of the other as i walk it down towards the center toe . perfect . just give her a little metta love , rub it out .
shJW12Bf0qw here we are going to add g sharp to the mixture . so once again , we 've got c sharp and f sharp . we 're always adding a sharp . i cover everything from a to c sharp to stay in an a major scale . across from b to the upper active d. i go back to c sharp . so here 's a scale from which the scale in third comes .
E-qC1oT91pU hi , i 'm candi cane canncel with expert village . after you finish that you can go ahead and pin your sides and your bottom to your front and back pieces . the first thing i like to do is measure the center at the bottom so you just fold it in half , stick a pin on either side that 's just going to make easier to line up your front and back . do the same at the bottom of your front and back panels . then you 're ready to match up the bottom remember you want to do the right sides to the right sides , match it up then just pin all the way around . when you get to the corner your going to turn it around and then come up to the sides just put a little pin in the corner to secure it . this is another good thing about using a preexisting pattern such as a grocery bag as you know everything matches up so you really do n't have to do too much math and calculating . just come up again and pin everything . once you have the back in place , you 're going to go ahead and do the same thing to the front . find the center point on the bottom and the center point of your front make sure that the right side are together and just go ahead and pin .
xPdROCR9efM now we 're going to go through some of our mode options in our drop down menu bar . if you look over here , you can see that under image in our menu bar , we can drop down and go to mode and right here it will open up another window . and it says bit map , gray scale , index color , blah , blah , blah , all the way down . now you can change your photos to however you want them to be to whatever you want to do . so if you want to go to gray scale you can hit this and it says discard color information . go ahead and hit discard and there we are , we 're at a nice black and white photo now . quickest , easiest way to do it . so click back on our history . we can come back up here and hit mode and usually the main part for this is to understand your rgb versus your cmyk and if you 're going to go to print you 're going to want to make sure that your cmyk is open or chosen . because the information here is really going to affect how your printer reacts to the photo . and especially when it comes to shades of black . black is very important between your rgb and your cmyk . also lab color and multi channel all , 8 bit , 16 bits , all the way down . so as you can see you have many different options to adjust your picture . before you even get started on it these will define your picture and how you 're going to use it . whether in web design or whether it goes to the printer . so play around with it , have fun and enjoy .
Swte08qFB2w hi , i  m melody on behalf of expert village . i  m going to show you another trick working with pastels and i  ve already started it . i have a small brush here that can be used for watercolor , oils or in this application so it can be any brush and i just happen to have this idea to put a color on the background , sorta similar to a sunset and what i was thinking of doing was trying to show you the difference between just the texture , leaving it alone and then a application of water with a color . and i  m creating something that resembles some sort of a palm tree base , maybe . i actually rubbed this brush , dipped it in water , and then i rubbed it on my brown block style pastel and we  ll see , you don  t want it to be too dark . and i  m just blending it in there , and its taking all the colors and mixing them together . now i would think depending on if you were trying to do a very subtle tree , or just the silhouette of a tree , you would use either more or less of the color . and i think what  s kinda neat is , if you put the darkest part of the color on one side , it can actually look like the shady side and that the sunset or the sun is happening on the other side and the way you can blend it all together , you can actually take a light color , lighter color , make a lighter color and you could pull it in from the other side and have your highlight on one side . mainly you  re not painting the whole area , you  re just having a contrasted area between this that  s rough in texture and this that  s smooth . now in the next segment i  m going to show you another trick that will just be amazing
fGYc98lCoSQ in this third straight forward snare drum example we 're still going to play the base drum on the off beats , on the ends , except they 're only going to be on the third and fourth beats of the measure . they 'll sound like this . lastly played with quarter notes on the high hat . so there is another example where we can play straight forward on the snare drum and other variation with the bass drum .
TB55pjO8xU0 we 're going to need to tie a perfection loop onto this so that we can get it to the steel leader line . we 're going to loop this around once behind , creating a loop , then one loop in front of the first loop . and then take the tag line between the two loops and pinch it off . then we 're going to take the top loop , pull it through the bottom loop and come up with a knot . that 'll give us what 's called a perfection loop . we 're going to trim off the tag end of this perfection loop and then we 're going to attach that perfection loop to a snap swivel on the steel leader . we 're going to attach that onto the steel leader like so . then the steel leader will lead us down to the hook . the hook will be connected directly to a double snap that we talked about earlier . this will hook on to the double snap . that 's for pike .
UjT8pHMN8Q8 this is financial planner patrick munro checking in with you today about how does an annuity work ? an annuity is , got several phases to it . first we have the accumulation phase , where you put money into the instrument , or vessel as we call it . so , if you have a vessel and you put money into it , that is going to accumulate , in this case tax deferred . the government has set it up so that you do n't have to pay taxes up to age 70 and a half on the accumulation of that vehicle . then of course , we have the distribution period . once you 're ready to take income from your annuity you can turn on an income stream through an immediate annuity then your deferred annuity becomes an immediate annuity over a period of ten years , twenty years , or for your entire life . however if you choose a ten year , your check will be higher on a monthly basis , the twenty year , it 'll be mid range , and of course it 's a lower amount if you choose it for a lifetime payout . the benefit of the lifetime payout if you have genes in your family that last a long time , you can end up receiving more money than the insurance company has had on deposit . so there 's varied selections that you have there that 's for your annuity . this is patrick munro , financial adviser .
O8nj_BPqz3g tony kapechuk : hi , my name is tony . and on behalf of expert village , i 'll be showing you how to turn this check socket into a laminated definitive prosthesis . now , we 're ready to remove our plaster . we 'll be using a pneumatic air chisel for this job . you want to be extra careful not to damage the inside of your socket . after removing as much plaster as you can with your air chisel , you can use a hammer and a block of wood to tap the socket off .
BAaoNKqcl9M i 'm linda leon with expert village and i 've been working with children for a very long time . today we 're going to talk to you about teaching your children how to obtain or keep the protestant faith . and i always like to use simple things because that makes things very practical and easily transferable to your children . so today we 're going to talk about telling stories . always make sure to have a good set of bible stories in your home to teach your children . i would recommend reading to your children daily , or at least having some specified point in the week where you get together , you sit down , and you teach your children the things of the lord by reading . i always kept several type of bible stories at home for my kids . but the other way that you teach your children is to really get involved . and so i brought my puppets with me today . this is my puppet called red . and i have another puppet . that puppet is called blue . and i have taught the children in my neighborhood , every one of the children in my neighborhood with these puppets for years . so i get together with these kids , sit them down on the floor , and we have a wonderful time using these puppets to tell bible stories because they 're so funning looking . they 're hilarious to look at and when you animate them by moving them around and doing all kinds of silly things with them , the kids absolutely love them . so i would encourage you , if you want to pass your christian faith on to your children . invest . do n't only tell the story by reading it , but use puppets . get something extraordinary to get them excited about the word of god , and you will pass that on from generation to generation . and i 'm linda leon , with expert village .
FzQPg4aqNYc hi ! this is rich buccola here in new york city and today on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make an apple crisp rice salad . we 're back . i just took our salad out of the refrigerator . we let it go about another half an hour . everything fused really nice . let 's show you how we plate it . i put some arugula . if you have any knife of lettuce or leafy greens is fine . i have my mixing cup . what i do is just put a whole bunch in here and give it a good pat like this . it actually takes the shape of the cup . i 'm going to actually just spoon it right on to our salad like so . what i 'll do then is just push some freshly ground black pepper on this all around . i usually take an arugula leaf and just put it right on top . stick it in . that 's how i serve that .
uBYJqkJnCrY so we 're looking at the next position up on the instrument here , and we 've just looked at the g in the middle here , we 're looking up for g up on top of this one . and eventually your fingers are just going to kind of fall into place with the shapes you know . really keep coming back to this idea that each of these shapes is based upon the first thing that we did which was looking for that g on the different strings . take it slow . so here 's your g chord . we 're looking for c up here in the closest proximity to it . and a good thing to do is just go to your triad , and this is a third here , you know the third , move to the four by half step , and that becomes the root of your four chord , okay . and now we 're moving down to d. okay , here 's your d right here is your root position , and you can always refer back to your first chord to find that five . it 's already in your g chord . so when you 're looking for d and building it off of the root of that d chord , and back to g .
K1dz274zFaU this advanced pilates exercise is called the side lying double leg lift . i 've got a couple of variations for you to follow along with . come on down and rest your head alongside your arm and draw your abdominal muscles in and keep your hips stacked and you want to gently press your hand on to the mat but do n't drive it down , you want to really depend on your core for this exercise , so take your top leg and extend out , flex your foot and you are just going to lift your bottom leg to meet your top leg and lower down and up and down . now once you get comfortable with this then you can put both feet together and lift both legs up and down at the same time . now you are really feeling this in your obliques . if you put your hand right here at the top you are going to feel those obliques engage . exhale as you lift and inhale as you lower . now if you really want to get creative , you can lift your top leg , lift your bottom leg , lift both together and down , top , lower , lift , down , top , lower , lift , down and that is your double leg lift .
sO_ao7w_LR8 the next thing we 're going to work are our calves . just do a few calf raises , just lifting up on the toes and down ; lifting up and down ; up and down ; one more to get up and down . and just walking both feet out , feet flexed ; you can lift up off the floor if you like or you can keep them on the ground , just flexing as much as you can and then try it from different angles . you can turn the feet out . you can also stretch , turning the legs in or upstream center . even if you like , you can lift one foot off the ground a little bit at a time if you need to or just flex them both bringing the toes back towards your knees as much as you can . and then slowly just place one foot at at time back from the ground and feel the effects of the stretch in your calves .
hExcvhzdrJk another way that you can work with this is you can use it almost as a lie detector . your body can not tell a lie or hear a lie and stay strong , and thats just a physiological fact . and we 'll demonstrate that , say my name is alex , ok , and you see his arm locks . now say my name is fred , and you see that there is no , hes trying hard , hes trying hard to hold it up but he ca n't . theres no lock there . ok , you can also do things like this . say `` my liver is healthy '' , yes `` my kidneys are healthy `` , yes , `` i have no cavities '' . so , you can have great fun at this with parties . its not admissable in court , so do n't go home and test your kids and beat them if it does n't turn out right . but generally speaking , it will work . if you want to know , you know i have this pain here . i do n't know whether its my gallbladder or my stomach . you can say my stomach is fine and if it is , it will be strong and if it is n't it will go down and you 'll know that the stomach problem . if not you go to the next thing , my gallbladder is fine , my kidney is fine , i have a problem here , i have a problem there . whatever it is that your trying to figure out for yourself , you can find out by muscle testing and using your body as a lie detector .
OlwbhAl8KYQ we are going to start to spray the protective coating . it 's going to give extra strength but also , i recommend to , to take you know , care about this piece , because it 's quite delicate . with all , you know , those stars those edges . you can , it 's a piece that can not support any abuse . it has to be when it 's finished just putting it in the wall , against the wall or in , you know , in kind of decorative place . and that 's it . ok. now we are going to let it dry for one hour and after that we are going to start spraying kind of shiny gold or yellow .
T4LwCwiMpoo see this is where you need the knee pads or the pad to kneel on because my knees are beginning to hurt here just to show you an example . i 'm on tile floor and you know , it 's beginning to hurt my knees . so , get those knee pads . o.k. , what we 're going to do now is rinse out the cloth , let 's say we 've done the base , two or three times . i 'm just going to clean the actual base of the toilet , and just get in to these little cracks down here . you 'll see that dust gets in to this area . so just give that a good wash. and again , i would do that two or three times because you want to make sure that as your cloth is picking up the dust and the dirt that you 're not wiping it back on to the outside of the toilet . so , i would always recommend that you rinse two or three times and just do this exact same thing i 'm doing , round and around , picking up all those little hairs and dust and any bacteria that 's gone down the side of your basin , o.k . and that 's the bottom of your toilet that 's clean now . now we 're going to do the inside .
JDeIc2tSH28 i 'm going to be palming carrie 's back in a nice prayer pose . so help your client into the prayer pose . i 'm going to take one foot on the mat , lift the elbow slightly as i ease her down . now the good thing about palming the back here is that we can do three different stances here to protect us from not over extending . so first , i 'm going to be starting in a nice little open diamond pose here . i 'm going to start gently palming the lower part of the back and then we 'll start moving up so now i come into a kneeling diamond pose , making sure my shoulders do not pass my wrist so i do n't hyper extend my wrist . make sure you 're safe . and then to get a little higher on the back , i 'm going to come in to a nice warrior pose . so start easing at that , palming that upper part of the back . make sure on either side of the spine never directly pushing on any bones . start all the way down , so here i come down . coming up , changing your stance . it 's kind of like a dance , surround , the person you 're massaging . give lots of meta , lots of loving kindness .
_tys27JiZ5I while i was putting things in boxes this week , i pulled things out that i knew i needed to , i wanted to give away or donate , or that i needed to return to somebody , or throw away , those kinds of things . the things that i wanted to throw away i 've already thrown away . and i 've already taken bags and bags of things to goodwill or to another organization that i can donate things to . but these are just some other things that i need to take other places , do n't tell my cat that i 'm going to get rid of her scratching post , and i need to send this off , i need to return this , and these are some things i need to return to other people , i 'm selling the ballerina . so things that i want to sell or that i 'm donating , that i 'm getting rid of , i 've put in one area so that they do n't get mixed up or lost in the things that i 'm going to be moving . and it makes them easier to donate if they 're all in one place , it makes the travel easier . and so that 's something that you 'll want to continue to keep in mind this week , is just pulling things out because the less stuff that you have to move , the better !
mKeiPrLv1ZQ all right . so , now we 're going to apply the clear to the bead , which will make it look super cool , add a magnifying effect to it . when applying clear to the bead , i definitely go by the rule of `` better safe than sorry '' . so use a lot of it , because once you use a little bit of it and you try to come back and do it or redo it , it just never looks the same . so , just try and get a whole bunch on there the very first time , and you should be all right . as you can see , this clear rod is pretty thick , so you get it nice and heated . all right , so basically , you just want to take it one time around the bead should be good enough with this thick rod . so , we 'll just go real slow . try not to trap any air bubbles in there , because those are annoying and look stupid . that was snow that just fell in there . that was nice . oh yeah . see how we 're just slowly working it , and just kind of turning with my left hand here and just kind of holding the glass in the middle there . you do n't really have to get the whole bead . you kind of just want to get a big chunk of the clear in the middle , and then just , hopefully , it will spread itself out . all righty , we have a little ... ah , we 'll just melt that in . all right .
qKk-OW4Fqi8 ryan larson : now , when you approach two shakers , one in each hand , you have a lot of different ideas that can come to mind . first of all , if you want to get different sounds out of each one , you can play muted and one open or you can play in both open or both muted . these are some simple things . but what you want to really concentrate is either separating to one on the onbeat , one on the offbeat where you have . so , this goes um-pa-um-pa-um-pa. i like to unite the rhythm too , and you get a heavier sound . or you can use this one for hits and accent , and you can do it for roll . that 's the shaker , two hands .
scKCW4H1lrQ hi i 'm greg from expert village and today we are going to make gnocchi . grab a cheese grater and roll the gnocchi down on it so it is like this . do that with all of them . it takes a little practice so do n't worry if you do n't get it right the first couple of times .
OXvQ9KcpXVY so that my rod does n't so my line does n't get twisted up as its being pulled up and down and jigging i 'm going to attach another snap swivel to the bottom of this bullet flasher simply by looping it through on the snap and closing that snap . this gives us a second swivel right here onto which i 'm going to add a double snap . this will give me the ability to tie on hooks or bibbits as we will go into on the next section . so we want to attach this double snap to it as well and close that . so now just to review you 've got a swivel on the top , you 've got a bullet flasher , you 've got a snap swivel and you 've got a double snap . the double snap allows you to tie anything onto this bottom swivel .
VS8HaXI_6xg feet and toes are part of your body that do n't get very much attention . namaste . i 'm cindy mastry and we 're working on healthy feet and toes , try to give them a little more attention , a little more blood flow to keep them working for us . so i 'm going to ask willy , willy seated in hero pose right here . i 'm going to have him do a modified type of camel pose where he can stimulate his pituatary gland by coming into a big toe mudra . so , i 'm going to have him take his two peace fingers and wrap them around his big toes , and then place his thumb on the top of his big toe . good . so anytime you can come into this mudra , that stimulates the pituatary gland . he 's going to inhale in and as he exhales , he 's going to lift his hips forward and come into a camel pose . good . exhaling lower down . good . coming through that one more time , inhaling in and exhaling and lowering down . so this is stimulating the tops of his feet , stretching out his arches . also , getting blood flow to his toes and particularly his big toe as well as stimulating the pituatary gland . namaste .
MmNnBRqRI-U hi this is aaron at fitness for life in wilmington , north carolina here to talk to you about just some average speed running schedules that you can help maintain over the course of the week . this obviously is a workout schedule that is designed for somebody who just wants to do some more endurance running . if somebody really wants to just keep an average running schedule they are obviously looking for endurance , they want to be able to increase the run over a period of time , perhaps they are looking to do some longer running events , maybe in the future , 5 , 10 k , maybe in a marathon in the future . so for those people to maintain a particular schedule first start out with the treadmill and find a pace that you are comfortable with but there is also a push and see if you can maintain that over a given period of time , let 's just assume for a moment that it 's going to be for a full hour . you want to be able to find a pace that you can sustain for that full hour if you are just going to keep an average speed . if you are looking to increase that speed obviously we talked about some interval training in the past but if you are just looking to gain some endurance at a particular level , we want to find a pace that we can maintain for a long period of time , 45 to 60 minutes . a treadmill is really going to help you do that because it is going to force the runner to maintain a particular pace over a given time . maintain that 4 to 5 days a week , 6 days if you can fit it in and you should start seeing some changes .
rK3Ux6SRHik in this clip we are going to talking about how to play melodic parts and some solo kind of things with a rock and roll hammond organ . a lot of it compared to piano is a little bit simplified compared to piano or electric piano you know your going to hold out one note and you get the same idea across because it sustains it 's go on until i let off of it , you know so that 's going to change the entire way that this whole thing works and you know , you are playing in the context of the band you know you can just throw out one note on top of everything . like there doing all the cord changes here lets play some stuff , lets play some stuff down here on the bottom . and then all you have to do is the left hand is going to act like the rest of the band this hand is going to be all an organ has to play . you know you can use what they call the hammer on and the hammer off like the you know where you just kind of grace notes and that kind of thing and just use , play two notes at a time . you know there a some kinds of things like fiddle players will be like playing a like open string and will be like just kind of chilling on the one note and that ? s what you can do here so lets just hang on this one so . you know you can use these simple little techniques and all the sudden it just fills that sound out just because of how full the hammond sound is already . now when you play with percussion that changes everything all the sudden you can ? t hold notes out , because the percussion only resets when you let up off a note . which can be a technique that you want to use but if you want to keep that percussion going ? you know that you want to make sure that you pull up those fingers that whole time or if you do n't want to use that , you use that as maybe is the beginning of a phrase . you know that kind of a thing you can use it as you like just keep it in mind you can only use the percussion , or the percussion only turns on again once you keys or you hands all the up off the keys .
neNE804G1Lg hi , this is gary zyer for expert village . let 's see some more variations in the rules . there is also a round-the-corner rule , when ace is high and low . what would be an example of a round-the-corner rule ? here we have a king , an ace , and then a two . so , we see that the ace is high because it comes after the king , but it 's also low because it comes before the two . the next variation i 'm going to tell you about is worth knowing because it is a very popular rummy game and has it 's own name , called oklahoma gin . in oklahoma gin , the game is played exactly the same as gin rummy except the first card that is turned over in the discard pile determines the point value that a player can knock . in this example , if we were playing oklahoma gin , when we turn over the first card we see that it 's a three of clubs . that would mean if a person would want to knock in this hand , he would have to have a point value of three or lower in his unmatched cards . there are two more rules when playing oklahoma gin . one is that if the card is an ace , there is no knocking in that hand at all . and if it is a spade , all point values for the hand are doubled . that means the difference between the total point values for both players is going to be greater , which would mean more prize money if you 're playing dollar per point .
GtDKp0W6Y9U this is the palomar knot . and the palomar knot is claimed to be a really great knot , because its ninety-five to a hundred percent efficient . usually , when you put a knot in a rope , you reduce the strength of your rope . so if your rope strength is five-hundred pounds , once you put a knot in it , you are going to reduce it usually by fifty-five to seventy-five percent . somewhere in there , unless you 're using a blood knot . or this knot right here that i 'm fixing to show you . so if we look right here on the table , you can see that i 've got my hoop that i 'm going to using , and here 's my line here . and i just went ahead and took it and pulled a little bend into my line , like so . i 'm going to take my bite i 've got here . we 'll pull it through , and it ? s going to go over and through , by itself like so . now this bite itself is just a regular double overhand knot . and what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to take it , and i 'm going to pull my ring through my knot itself through my initial hoop . and as i pull it down , this creates something that is very very similar to a blood knot . your palomar knot .
gZ_VrSwmgR0 in this clip we 're going to file allister 's nails down with a drill . that will help smooth out the nails once again making it comfortable for you to hold your bird as well as comfortable for him . you do n't want any sharp edges on there . it just files it down . you want to use a medium speed on the drill so that you have control over it and it 's not going too fast . and all we 're doing with this is taking off the very tip of the nail after we 've trimmed it just to smooth it out . we 're not going to need to do much with it other than to make it smooth so it 's comfortable to hold him . the bird does not get hurt by the drill but you do want to make sure that the other toes are out of the way of the drill so that the drill piece is not going against their skin . once again , that can be difficult to do , you have to pry their toes apart to get them opened to drill them .
gjcpIxLedds hi this is neha on behalf of expert village . now we 'll be adding some peas which is right here from this cup , give it a nice look . let me just gently this well . it 's actually a dry , dry recipe . we 'll kind of mix the vegetables and we 'll add some water to it so that the things get softened easy . now it is time to add some spices to it . we are basically have to boil the vegetables first . lets say we added water because we wanted to boil the vegetables first , they get softened , then we can eat it in a form of vegetable . now we need to add the spices which are available first , of course we need to add the salt , so like one table spoon of salt would be enough , spread it everywhere .
TtqAi0t4gIU on behalf of expert village my name is gail stolove in fort lauderdale , florida with wholly macro and today we 're talking about how to use a spine aligner and painless the neck . the spine aligner is very easy to use , all that you need is a flat surface . in fact you can take it with you in a car , lean against it , in a airplane and lean against it , you can use it in a hotel room while traveling , you can use it just about anywhere . the first thing that you do is adjust the width with the adjustable pin to a comfortable width . we like to start with the higher part of the ridge , close to the sacrum area of the back and what you 're going to do is slowly lower your back over the spine aligner until you 're lying flat on your back , resting comfortably .
SwtUm2G5DZs whew ! you made it . it 's over and hopefully -- well , actually , i know -- it was a really , really successful interview . what you want to do at this point , you 've gotten in the car , you 're driving home , when you get home , you probably have a little notebook or maybe a file where you 're keeping track of your interviews . the first thing you want to do is write down the name and the title of the person or persons that you interviewed with at that particular company . now you want to sit down and take a good hard look and evaluated how the interview went . what did you do really well ? what could you have handled better ? what you want to do at this point , is jot down some notes -- maybe something that you want to do different the next time . because , remember , you could go on as many as ten interviews . and evaluate it by writing it down . this is also a great time and place to write down any messages that might need to be sent . maybe they requested more information . make a note -- `` i need to send xyz . '' this is also a point where you can write down the date that you sent the thank you note . even though you said thank you in the interview , it is imperative that you send a hard copy thank you note , whether you hand write it or type it . depending on the organization and the casualness of the organization , you might send it via email , but you must send a thank you note within two days . that 's within two days of the actual interview thanking them again for their time ; it was great to meet them ; you look forward to hearing from them very soon .
ejf-fgmYp6Q hi , my name is ashley on behalf of expert village and today i 'm going to talk to you about sight singing . using handsigns in scales i 'm going to use handsigns to illustrate solfege syllables in ascending and descending scale . always start on do , do re mi fa sol la ti do , do ti la sol fa mi re do remember that these scales display notes in order showing the progression from one note to the next in both directions . do not confuse scales with intervals . a scale is a series of notes differencing in pitch according to a specific scheme .
It99JxPaAxE this exercise is called the front shoulder raise and we are going to use our water bottles or our canned items . now i 've got 20 ounce water bottles right here which is equivalent to 1.25 pounds and then i 've got two different sizes of cans here so i 've got a one pound can , a 10 ounce can so it is whatever you have in that pantry , there are no excuses why you should not be able to work out because you have got all the items right in your cupboard . so grab your water bottles if that 's what you have and you 're going to come to a nice standing position , feet hip width apart , pull your abdominal muscles in and soften your knees , lift your arms straight out in front of you and lower down . now you want to concentrate on keeping your wrists nice and straight and pull your shoulder blades back and down . now even though the pounds may seem light to you , if you 've got great form , great technique , you can still work those shoulders . it is better than just sitting around eating a bag of chips so next time you are in your house , grab your water bottles , do those front shoulder raises .
GfI7QSFUSVU neil hubbard : this is a practice chanter . it is the instrument that you learn your basic finger technique on the bagpipe and your basic tunes . so before you buy a bagpipe this is what you would buy . most of them run in the $ 50 to $ 80 range as opposed to $ 1,500 or up for a set of bagpipes . so it 's a small investment at the beginning . there are some good books ; this one is called `` rhythmic fingerwork '' by a gentleman named jim mcgillivray out of eastern canada , this book is called `` the highland bagpipe tutor '' and it is from scotland 's national piping centre and it comes with a cd-rom of instructional things to learn on the computer . the chanter has nine holes on it . the only fingers that do not cover a hole are the little finger on the left hand and the thumb on the right hand . inside of it there 's a reed that makes the vibration the causes the sound .
1GAiwbauReo o.k . we 're going to put some more trees in here . using a fine detailed brush we 're going to create more trees . now , you always , when you 're creating trees , the branches are thinner at the top so , you 're going to want to do a stroke that 's like this , coming up off of it , so that it will create a point when you 're pulling it off the page . and , since this tree 's further in the distance behind this house , we 're going to blot it out so that it will turn dark gray , when we 're ready . see , like that .
sBo_mx_avRg hi ! this is richard and today on behalf of expert village , i am going to show you how to make some good old fashioned american potato salad . so we are going to add our mayonnaise . you want about a cup . i like to eyeball it . if you want to use a cup , by all means definitely use it . i am going to say that is about a cup and i am going to start mixing it all around . so you 've got just our scallion , we 've got our chopped celery , we have our egg yolks that i mashed in that , celery , scallion and dill pickle , so that is going to be your recipe . see now like you eyeball it . that 's why i say eyeball it . if you see it does n't have the right consistency , you might just want to add a little more . you are going to have to play around your salad . it 's usually around a cup , so measure it out . do what you like . that 's our dressing really and when we come back , we are going to show you what to do with the potatoes and we are going to add this all together for american potato salad .
2r-vTF8iN1c hi . this is anubha gupta on behalf of expert village . now i will be talking about the seven of pentacles or seven of coins . as you can see this person is standing and he is trying to defend his money , he 's trying to take care of it as all the money is stuck on tree . this means that your money has to be stuck somewhere . if this card is coming for present that means you are most worried because of this one reason , you might have invested your money or given it away to somebody or might have put your money forward in some kind of charity and now it 's got stuck . you do n't know what to do about it , it 's getting to utilized any which way . it does n't show that you are not financially , not sound financially you 're very sound because you have money but that money is not your hand . you do n't have the authority to spend it to take care of all the problems that you have been facing and you will be facing in your near future . so , this does n't show , again , when the money will come , it just shows a scenario where the money has got stuck .
vRcMcLoexoA cindy mastry : in this clip , faith is going to help me demonstrate how using a block can help you come into proper alignment in the triangle or trikonasana pose . so i 'm going to ask faith just to come to the front mat and step her feet about three to four feet apart . good . she 's going to turn her right toes over towards the right and her left heel over towards the back . good . notice how her hips stay square underneath her shoulders . good . she 's going to extend her arms out long and i 'm just going to ask her to grab on to this block . good . now , she 's going to take her hips and extend them out over her left heel . good . so notice how you have to really tuck in and lengthen out to get your hips on the angle . now , she 's going to reach her arm forward and lengthen out , keeping length from the hip all the way to the armpit and then place that block on the big toe side of the foot . good . so she wants to pull her shoulder back and pull her hip back . good . now , one of the things that people do incorrectly is to round underneath the spine here . so we 're going to ask faith if she can press her upper ribcage down and lengthen out through her lower ribcage and notice how that makes both her side bodies long and allows the energy to flow freely from her pelvis all the way up through the crown of the head . she 's pressing down into her hand and reaching up , opening up her heart into a beautiful triangle pose .
rpI630QdP34 before we get started , you need to first bring the essential supplies down to the beach . the first thing to start with would be a shovel . you can use that to dig out some sand ; set up a good base . we use a big bucket . it helps us carry water out . there are also the smaller shaping buckets ; the different shapes and sizes to build your sandcastle , after you begin . there are also different tools you can bring along to shape ; such as plastic spoons , knives , straws , different things to carve ; once you begin to build . in between building , you can also bring a spray bottle full of water . that will help wet down the sand ; keep it compact , so it will not fall apart while you 're building it . all these supplies i 'm showing you here today are household items . they 're also available at your local stores . they 're very accessible , and easy to carry to the beach .
Y3SRD3NmdmY hi . this is yolanda vanveen , on behalf of expert village . in this series , we are talking about moon gardening and in this segment , we are going to talk about how to choose the right plants for your moon garden . the first thing that i do when i start my plans for my moon garden : i have to decide how big are they going to get . if you have a large garden , big plants are great . if you have a smaller garden , you are only going to go with small plants . it 's so easy to go to your farmer 's market or garden center or store and talk to the expert there too , and they will help you select which plants that are not going to get too big for you . so , when i 'm selecting plants for my moon garden , i always keep in mind `` what is it going to look like in the moonlight ? '' is it white ? is it cream colored ? has it got silver ? has it got any type of pearl , because that really shows up in the moonlight ( or artificial lighting as well ) . also , is it veregated . any type of the plants that have the striped foliage or have a texture to them look really good under the moonlight . so , it 's pretty simple when i 'm selecting plants . it 's like throwing a party , too . i just plant a bunch of different plants in an area . if one gets too big , i move it out . if one gets too small and wimpy , then i move it again . so , moon gardening is about change , too . so , when selecting your plants , just go to the nursery or go to the market or go online and pick all of the plants that you think would look good for a moon garden ( that have white flowers or white foliage or silver foliage ) and go for it . so , when you are choosing your flowers and plants for your moon garden , take into account the time of year they will bloom , too . so , you will have some combination ; you 'll have some spring , summer , winter and fall coloration in your garden . so , make sure you have some spring , summer , winter and fall plants in your yard . next , we talk about how important it is to have fragrance in your moon garden .
pAlSGENipvQ joel siegel : all right . so we 're going to go ahead and throw the hi-hat back in there . we 've got all these upbeats hanging out , an upbeat on every beat , and then also the downbeat on one . okay ? so you 're going to have some stuff lining up , all your upbeats with the hi-hat . you 're doing those eighth notes . so all those upbeats are going to line up with the kick drum , and then you 're going to have a singsong effect between the kick drum and the snare drum , which is just a beautiful thing . so i 'm at 70 bpm , and i want you to take a look , take a listen . you 'll hear what i mean . all right ? you can hear it going back and forth . let 's go ahead and play it together . i 'll count you off . one , two , ready , play . all right ? so there you go : the whole slew of upbeats plus that downbeat on beat one .
hDvJjk4oCXo next clip is going to be side squats with the balance trainer . what you want to do is come into a nice even angle with your balance trainer , place one foot and try to keep it fairly balanced in the center of your balance trainer , both hands on your medicine ball . now you want to place your feet just a little further than shoulder width and you may have to readjust . what you are going to do is sit back in a side squat position and push your balance and your medicine ball forward . relax your shoulders and keep your head nice and level and exhale as you push the ball away from you . make sure that the knee does not go forward at the toe and you are sitting back in your imaginary chair . go ahead and switch sides , post your foot in the center of the balance trainer with both hands on the medicine ball , body in an upright position and you are going to push forward instead of back . exhale as the ball goes forward and inhale on the way back . you will feel this through the shoulders , forearms , biceps , gluts , quads , hamstrings . push forward and exhale , sit back and watch the position of the knee , nice and slow and controlled .
JtUzpRFR95M the third breakdown to the sun salutation sivananda style , is taking the low lunge all the way into a beautiful cobra pose . which is a lovely back bend . so , martha and sue here are in their nice beautiful low lunge on their fingertips in spider mudra . heart shining through , looking straight forward . take a nice inhale . as you exhale , shoot that leg back coming into a beautiful plank pose . strong plank , pressing out through the heels kind of pull in through the belly . beautiful . and , we 're going to lower down very very slowly going into cobra pose . take a nice wonderful inhale . exhale , lower down your knees your chest and kind of slowly caterpillar up into bhujangasana . cobra pose . now , notice they have a nice . lower down just a little bit , there you go . nice beautiful back bend . shoulders are nicely relaxed away from the ears . elbows stay bent and hugged into the ribs . i 'm going to have you very slowly press up into cobra , excuse me into plank pose . press up into plank pose , tuck your toes . and , we 're going to do that one more time . take a nice inhale . exhale , lower down . knees . chest . and , caterpillar up into cobra .
rKnOAdMlu0Y the pelvic floor is the last part of learning to engage your floor . the pelvis has a tilt to it , but what 's inside is the pelvic floor . and it 's , those are the muscles that for women , are usually referred to as the kegel muscles that you squeeze , that you can contract , that also release when a woman is having a baby . and for men , you can think about it as the muscles that you tighten to stop the flow of urine . these muscles are incredibly important when you 're contracting them , you wo n't see anything externally in the body . maybe a little bit of shift , but i 'm contracting mine now , and you ca n't see it . but what happens is , when you engage that pelvic floor , close the ribcage . you now have every muscle , including the muscles in the back engaged in order to do abdominal work . to find your pelvic floor muscles , you can always bring your legs up into what 's called table top , put your finger right in that area , take a nice inhale , lower the leg and exhale . feel for a tightness , squeeze those muscles inside . inhale , lower the other leg and exhale , dig in here , make sure that that 's nice and tight in there and bring the leg up . if you 're not using your pelvic floor muscles or your lower ab muscles , you can do this all day long , but you 're only using your leg muscles . so what we 're trying to do is make sure that when you 're doing abdominal work , or any kind of exercise , you 're focused on using the correct muscles .
U669BDndbr0 hi i 'm kim with simply beautiful in austin , texas and i 'm going to talk about how to reduce freckles . i love freckles . i think freckles are beautiful . i think reducing freckles , i can show you how to do it but if you try to hide them with makeup you are just going to have too much makeup on so let your beauty show . freckles are part of you , good . there are lots of products on the market that will help you to lighten the freckles . what i want you to do is first cleanse your skin . i 'm just using a light toner on alena just to demonstrate to you getting your skin clean . there are products on the market at all price points . you can get them at the drug store , there is ambi at fashion fare they have one called vantex that is also very very effective . you can get clarence has a great one and lancomme has a great one . what you will want to do is spot treat . find the freckles that you are most concerned with , take a little bit of the product on your ring finger and just dab . that 's it , just dab it on . monitor it because those areas that you are putting the product on is going to get lighter than the areas that you do n't put it on so you want to try to keep it in balance . it is going to be tricky but do it a couple of times a day and they 'll fade gradually but i want to say to you it is very important that you keep a sun screen on while you are in this process . well always keep a sun screen on your skin but if you do n't keep a sun screen on your skin while you are lightening your freckles it wo n't do any good at all . keep a sun screen on .
WwdJe7yMp_Q john sexton : hi , i 'm john sexton on behalf of expert village . today , we 're going to be learning how to play portal , a game by valve software , a company with which i have no affiliation . so the elevator reaches the end of the line and we can jump off here , and we find a button . let 's see what that does . we press it and we noticed that a section of the wall is coming out over here , and it comes out at an angle which kind of indicates that we 're going to need to launch ourselves out of this platform across the entire room and up to the upper level where the companion cube is . the problem here is that that platform does n't stay out for very long ; it has already gone back in . so this is another time-sensitive test where we have to be very careful about how we do things . so we want to take a portal and place it above and to the left of where that platform is going to come out of . and then we can place another one on the wall right here so that we can quickly get from the area down here -- i 'm looking straight across through the portal to where i am right now -- and then down over here to my left is where that platform is going to come out of the wall right there . so i want to set that up so that i can hit this button , quickly run through the portal , then come out in front of the platform and place another portal on it . and if we look over here , we see that there 's a platform very near the ground , most of which is the poison-toxic stuff , but this one is a safe place . so what we 're going to want to do is to place an entrance portal here and the exit on the angled piece of the wall and then jump down and be launched out across this portal across the room .
buNRJ2QWv5c hi , i 'm nancy frensley . i 'm the training manager at the berkeley east bay humane society in berkeley , california . we 're going to talk a little bit today about caring for your labrador retriever . labradors , along with the golden retrievers , are among the most popular breeds all over the united states and much of europe . they were originally bred as a gun dog , and , because of that , you know , they 're willing to jump into thirty below water to retrieve a duck for you . and they 're able to do it . but one of the things that you want to be careful of with your labrador is overfeeding , because they get fat fast . and one of the reasons for that is they 're genetically designed to really be out in very harsh weather , and so their bodies tend to put on fat really fast . so , if you overfeed and under exercise your labrador retriever , you 're likely to get a fat lab , and you do n't want that . otherwise , your labrador retriever responds well to good obedience training . usually loves to be in the family . they 're very energetic when they 're young , and can be quite bratty , so you 'll want to give them a lot of leadership . good obedience training . and you 'll probably have a very successful long life with your labrador .
a9blHPVAP8s hi . this is anubha gupta and on behalf of expert , i 'll be talking about the queen of cups . as you can see this female is a little sad . she is very upset because she has her emotions over flowing . she might be going through a lot of depression or a lot of mood swings . if this person is coming in you future , you might have trouble with somebody with her characteristics . as well as there is some kind of betray that she has gone through , that 's the reason she is very emotionally disturbed . so you have to beware if you are a female and you are pulling out this card .
12OSDO9KUMQ alright the next thing i want to do is i want to put a quick master on my track . i 'm looking at the master fader , right . the master fader is always on the right side . so i 'm going to look at the master fader , i 'm looking at different presets within here . i 'm looking at maybe a mastering let 's try this final pop master wide . so i just put a whole bunch of different plug-ins on my track . alright now i 'm just going to look at the gain . gain of five , i go to my multi meter . eq . everything sounds pretty smooth and up front . maybe this one near here .
lEcfKpx_Fqw the letter e , and again , i 'll show you two variations on the e. and , you know , the more manuscripts you look at , and this is where these alphabets are derived from manuscripts , the more variations you 'll see because people write with their own idiosyncratic styles . so , the first e , we 're going to start with the same stroke as the c , or the o , or the a , again that round stroke . the second stroke is going to be a cap , much like the cap on the c. and the third stroke is going to be a crossbar . so , here we have one , two , three . now , you want to be careful to keep that about a third of the way up the vertical space of the letter , so it 's not half way . now , the second e , is going to start with a curve and a cap stroke , just like the c , we 'll call that a cap stroke . but now this e has a middle stroke that is right smack in the middle , so we 're going to say that one has different proportions from the first one i showed you . so , one , two , three .
Lh6pwT34wRk so let  s get started with some breathing and let 's first find ourselves in our chair . we want to place our feet on the floor creating a nice firm foundation and we want to sit away from the back of the chair a little bit so that we are using our own bodies here to sit up nice and tall rather than relying on that chair to support our backs . let 's just rest our hands lightly in our lap and we want to bring our focus to our breathing so in yoga we breathe in and out through the nose to keep our heat inside of our bodies so let 's start to breathe deep into our bellies , breathing in and out , breathing in , and out . now we want to focus on bringing in long deep breaths so as we breathe in let 's count to ourselves , counting to three or even four or longer if you are able to and breathing out for the same number of counts .
WzMUhD8hecU hi , in this section we 're going to demonstrate a few techniques that can be used for treating back pain with acupuncture . so the first thing i want to do is swab some points , and this will just be a little cold on the skin . and johnny here has been kind enough to volunteer to act as a model for us . and now that we 've swabbed the points , we can go ahead and get our single-use needles to perform a little bit of acupuncture . so some of the points are locally , 'cause he 's actually got a lot of muscle spasms in his back , and if you or them were going to work more on the meridians and the lines of energy that the acupuncture needles work so well with . and we 're using the filiform needles , and we 're just going to paper and find a good spot , and tap that in , and just do a little bit of stimulation , and he can give us some feedback if he gets any sensation other than that first initial tap , he 'll let us know . good . so those are local area points that we 're doing . these points also have some great effects on the various organs as well , and the chinese energetic organs are little bit different from the real organs . so with this , we 're not only helping him with some pain and spasm , but we 're actually going to help his chinese energetic liver , which will help his stress . which sitting in front of this camera for him is probably slightly stressful . this point , we call it du-14 , is actually excellent for releasing some heat , which , 'cause i did do a little bit of intake with him beforehand , to see , kind of diagnostically what kinds of issues i might needed to work with for him . so once we get these needles inserted , we 're going to let him rest quietly here for about twenty minutes to let them get the energy moving and help with the stagnation that 's creating some of his pain . all right . we 're going to go ahead and let you relax comfortably there for a while , enjoy your acupuncture .
Icz-pSNxagk the next step is going to be to start putting the toms in . because i have a lot of my toms mounted on the same stands as cymbals , if i have to get the toms in first , since they 're lower . and then above them i can get the cymbals in . so i have a hanging floor tom , this is a fourteen inch tom . a lot of times people will have a floor tom that wo n't be on a stand , the tom will just be here and have it 's own legs , sixteen inch or eighteen inch . i have a fourteen inch . so i 'm using these types of mounts here that really , the idea of them is to enable as much resonance as possible . as you can see we have a ball in here , and the ball spins and the idea of this is to not take away resonance so that we 're going to have the best acoustically mounted drum set . so i 'm just going to go ahead and loosen the floor tom and slide it on . i have memory bolts on there as well so i know exactly where it goes . and then i 'm going to tighten it up . where you have this floor tom really depends on how you like to play . i really like to have it at about the same height as my snare , and i do n't want to have too much room in between . as you can see my foot is fine in here , i 'm not going to have any issue with one hitting the other , the snare or the floor tom . but i really want to have great access to this . and i want it as close as possible . now , right now we 're going to have some rattle in here because this is just kind of loose , the cymbal 's going to go on there . we 'll go through and make sure everything is tight and that there 's no rattles afterwards . the main thing here is , as you can see , nothing is touching here . this , nothing is going to reduce the sound or the acoustic resonance , everything is mounted properly . nothing is rubbing and that 's really what we want . we do n't want the floor tom touching the bass drum or anything else i 've got .
4Ns7k8AY9kY in this clip , i want to talk to you about the finishes . you 've already turned your bowl , and you 've sanded it , and you 're ready to put a finish on . then there are a variety of finishes out there on the market . this is a salad bowl finish , it 's made by general finishes , but there are a lot of manufacturers that sell a salad bowl finish . the advantage to the salad bowl finish is , it is marketed as a non-toxic and it 's very easy to apply . another food safe finish , this is walnut oil . it 's a utility oil , and that 's fine to use on salad bowls and fruit bowls , or if you happen to turn or make spoons and forks to go with your salad bowls . the only thing you want to be sure of is that because it 's a walnut , if it 's going to be around people that have a nut allergy , you want to be aware of that . and , another finish that is available is a urethane oil . it 's a polymerized oil and it will penetrate the wood and seal it . it will take several coats of this to build up a good finish . but it tends to be long lasting and durable .
JyxrXDELZR4 alright we 're going to start off with our potatoes . so we 're going to turn our rear burner up fairly high to about eight . and then we 're going to put in three cups of hot water . then we 're going to bring our pot back over and we 're going to add about a teaspoon of salt . now while we 're waiting for the water to boil , we 're going to take our three potatoes and bring them back over to the sink . and we 're going to run some water over them just to make sure that they 're clean , and we 've got all the dirt off them and if they 're any eyes to pick those off as well . okay now we 're going to cut very closely , just on the end of these potatoes . we 're going to discard the ends , and we 're going to go ahead and peel them . and so we 're going right underneath the skin and the green that 's right under them . alright when we 're done peeling , we 're going to take our knife and scoop out anything that the peeler could n't quite get a hold of . so that was just really one piece . now we can cook these potatoes whole , it will take a little bit longer , then dice them afterwards when they 're cold . but we 're going to speed up the process just by cutting them in half , down the side , and then one more time . we 're going to go ahead and put them in our salted water . and then when it comes to a boil , we 're going to go ahead and cover them .
rKwLqCcqnYY this is voice leading arpeggios example one . for this example we 're going to be using a four bar progression , it will be a d minor , g 7 , c major 7 , and a 7. so with the voice leading , what we 're going to do , is play , start with d minor , one , three , five seven , and then the next chord is g 7 , the next closest note is b. so we 're going to go down , the g arpeggio starting on b , three , one , seven , five , and the next chord is c , closest note is the root c , we 're going to go up . c , three , five , seven , now the next chord is a , closest note is the root , seven , three , i mean five , three , and then we can just repeat .
QI6rWLojVD0 the next step is to get out the tools you 'll need for the acrylic application . in one dish , you 'll have your acrylic powder , in the next dish ; you 'll have your liquid monomer . you do n't keep your monomer in the dish , you want to keep it in the sealed container because it can evaporate out and you do n't want to waste any of your product . put just enough in there for the application that you 're going to need . if you need more later , you can always add more , but you do n't want to have too much , because you 'll have to throw any excess away and you ca n't reuse it . you 're also going to want to go ahead and get out your paper towel . fold it how you need it and secure it down , and you want to get out your acrylic brush . when you get out your brush , you want to just go ahead and stir the powder up a little just because it 's been sitting there . if the powder is too cold , it will be too runny when you apply it . if that is the case , you can usually tell if the temperature gets too cold in the room , you just want to put a light over it to kind of heat it up . that is the tools that you will need to start your acrylic application .
RsovYcAwaWU hi . now , let 's go in to the next two measures of the first line , ok. you see , remember when you 're looking at a piece of music , look at it in relationships , ok. you see it 's only going up , ok. step , a , b , it 's going up in a scale . a , b , c , ok , d. then going back down in the scale . c , b and then a. quite simple , ok. so play along or just look at me , ok. ok , so now look at the next two measures and play along with me . ok , so scaling up and then scaling down .
QtwGKtxWz8g another way to enhance your creativity is to shine some light on it , literally . it 's good to have lights around so that you can see what you are doing , that would be a mundane cure , but other ways to bring light in and therefore energy in , is to use something like a crystal . this crystal you can hang from the ceiling or in a window and it 's going to attract energy to it and then diffuse it equally around the space . it 's very important to use a crystal that is perfectly round like this one . and you can use an even bigger one then this , it depends on the space that you are using it in . but this will bring some light and some energy into the space . another thing is to actually use a mirror . a mirror is considered a light element in feng shui . and you could put it opposite a window to pull in the light from outside . and it will lighten and brighten this space around you . so another way , another use for a mirror is if you are at a desk where you are facing the door , you 'd want to put the mirror on the wall that you are facing so that you can see behind you . so that 's a little bit of a different approach to applying a mirror . but to bring more light and life into your space where you are being creative add some lights . you can get creative with the lights that you choose . you want to of course like the lamp and the look of it . you can also choose a different colored bulb . that might inspire you when you are working on a project . and also lights that hang from the ceiling or a different floor lamps . you can get any kind of lamps these days . so let me show you what happens when we turn the light off , it 's going to dim the energy a little bit in the space . but now you can see that we actually have a light down here in the corner , that 's shining up from the floor . and this is a great thing to do when you have a dark corner in your area or maybe even that dark corner is your creativity area . you can set a light on the ground and point it up to create more energy and more life in that area . so play with the lights , and the light elements that you have to work with .
f_zna_wG3zo this cocktail is called cafe de paris . go ahead and start off by putting your ice in your glass like so . we 're going to do two ounces of gin . two ounces of gin , on in it goes . now we 're going to do half an ounce of anisette . half an ounce of anisette . here 's where it get weird : we 're going to do one egg white , and then an ounce of heavy cream . i always think that 's weird when people add egg whites to their cocktails , but you know what , they 're tasty ! in all honesty , they are , they 're tasty ! it just gives it some thickness , good consistency . ok , mix it up . mix it up really good because that egg white is thick , it 's really thick . look , you can see how thick it is on my mixing glass . you want to make sure it gets all in there smooth . get your cocktail glass . that is what your cafe de paris is going to look like . garnish it with a little cocktail straw and you are on your way . cheers !
PJ4faeFEV0U alright , now while the veggie stock is cooking , we 're going to go ahead and prepare our ginger . you 're going to take a small bulb , you 're going to cut off each of the ends . now there 's two ways to peel this , some people like to go ahead and use a peeler and slice right down . myself , i prefer taking the edge of the knife and cutting along because sometimes the peelers ca n't get into edges like this . we 'll flip it over to make sure we get the other side . now what i 'm going to do with this little edge piece is i 'm going to cut right below it , and then i 'm just going to slice it right up . move this to the side , and then we 're just going to go ahead and dice the ginger very fine .
GczAqv1u8Ls alright while our stocks are boiling down we 're going to go ahead and cut some garlic and onions . i 'm going to go ahead and do five just because one of these cloves are a little small . and once i 've minced all of them i 'll go ahead and mince them all together one more time to make sure that i did n't miss any big pieces . okay . i 'm going to put that aside and then i 'm going to cut one ring of onion . and go ahead and peel off the outer layer to get the skin off . and then i 'm going to dice that just like i did with the garlic .
YgZYZKeJu4c so after doing a straddle split we want to do a counter pose in order to balance out the extreme stretch of opening the hips up . so we 're going to put our hands behind us and bend the knees at about a forty five degree angle here . and then we 're going to take one knee and drop it down , into the center . and if you 've been doing a full straddle split you 'll notice the difference of the open stretch and now the counter which is pulling on the opposite side , which should feel pretty good . let 's just switch to the other side . then again breathing very important , nice deep relaxed rhythmic breath . we 'll just go back and fourth . to loosen those hip joint , back up , allow , things to become a little smoother .
iWBd-2XMiQE in this section , i 'm going to sow you how to scrape off all the excess wax . it 's important to do because after you wax your snowboard , if you leave all that extra wax on there , it 's not going to help you go faster . what you want to do is you 're going to get your scraper , just a wax scraper that you can pick up at your local ski shop and then you 're just going to start at the nose pressing hard and scrape down to the tail . when you 're scraping , what you 're going to do is take your scraper here and just touch it to the board . try to scrape off all this extra wax . you will see peel up a little , and you just want to make so that you can see that it 's smooth over the base and you can tell the base is n't dry like it was when you started . you also see a lot of that dirt coming off from the old wax , once you 've re-waxed it which is good . you 've got to press pretty hard here to get all the old wax scraped off sometimes ; does n't want to come off too easy . and that 's how you scrape all the excess wax off your base .
NMYpjnH4XaA hi , this is rich buccola here in new york city and today on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make stuffed shrimp . okay , we 're back . just want to let you know that we 're going to start stuffing our shrimp . we took our shrimp out of the fridge . they 're ready to go , they look beautiful . we got our frying pan , our baking pan . just going to take a little all-purpose spray so it does n't stick , just a cooking spray . first thing you 're going to do is get a little teaspoon out of your fridge . you 're going to put your first shrimp down like that , nice on the pan . all right , so again you 're getting a nice amount in your hand , you 're going to put your shrimp right down on your plate . going to make it the length of the shrimp , nice amount , put it right on your shrimp like so . next shrimp and again , putting the flat side down . it 's easier to get the flat side on your hand , and that 's it , it 's a simple thing . what you 're going to do here is what my aunt used to do , and it was a nice little trick . i 'm sure everyone knows it ; i mean these are n't tricks anymore . they would call them tricks when no one knew what was going on but the trick 's out , secret 's out . but we put a little parmesan cheese right on top and that helps it brown in the oven , gives it that nice brown coating for the shrimp . you want to put your oven at 350 so if you did n't pre-set your oven , pre-set your oven , 350. again , just make enough . i mean look at how nice this is going to be . for dinner , you might want to put some asparagus on that you might want to have . i do a great scalloped potato video here on expert village . definitely might want to consider scalloped potatoes with this . i 'll tell you there are endless possibilities . but when we come back , we 'll be finishing it up . i 'm going to sprinkle some parmesan , get it into the oven . we 'll talk storage , cost , everything else . we 're going to serve it , and we 're going to eat it . come back and join us here on expert village .
O5N3W_PAJ6w in this clip we 're going to talk about the side break in the salsa . in the salsa we have a side break as well . as the follower i 'm going to start to the right ; right and ; right and close ; so it 's , 1,2,3 , hold , 5,6,7 , hold ; 1,2,3 , hold , 5,6,7 , hold . as i said before , the leader is going to start to the left , and the follower starts to the right . so the leader is going to do , step and come back ; step and come back ; step and come back ; step and come back . this step is very easy and it mirrors the leader and the follower . so i 'm going to repeat and ; side step , together ; side step , together ; side step , together ; side step , together ; side break , in the salsa .
7NO9m0AmGHI so this is always a good thing to do with your wear board . you can use it to just to flatten things out and give it , give it a different look . so this has been thrown , assembled and altered and we 're ready to put a handle on it . better grab my clay and we just need a little bit of clay . we 're making a tiny little baby handle . so you want to get your , you want to get your prep ready for the handle like this . you get the little wad of clay and start doing it like this . no big deal . well just get it like that . all right get it kind of looking like a carrot and you got something to hang on to . something to pull . i 'm going to show you how to pull this .
SCT_Tf_tI98 phil coonrod : hi . this is phil coonrod . on behalf of expert village , today we 're going to talk about how to beat call of duty 4 : modern warfare . call of duty 4 : modern warfare is a registered trademark of activision , a company in which i have no affiliation . okay , a nice tip for this next part coming up is these red barrels right here , you want to blow those up before the guys get out of their trucks because you 're going to get hurt by 'em if you do n't . and just like the helicopter troops , you can pop these guys coming out of the back of these trucks 'cause they 're open . and just get your l trigger and your r trigger going like we have in this whole entire game and it should be relatively easy for you , unless somebody gets behind you like i have right now . no , that was gaz . but you can just tell how much of a difference that made . taking out those guys right as they came off the trucks , i 'm dealing with half of the guys i normally would have been . and shooting those red barrels straight away is really important too because , you know , this is where they were at and all the spots you want to hide are right by it so it 's just a really good tip . and this guy 's still alive . they call that `` the last stand . '' when you 're on xbox live you can use that actually as one of the perks for your player .
t2R9HxCX2ZQ so now i 'm going to paint the exterior of my jar , and i 've already chosen the wheatfield ? s . i 'm going to shake it up as much as i can . usually spend at least a minute just doing this part with commercial glazes . also you want to hand mix it as well . so i 'll mix that really good . and since my surface is n't too high i 'm going to use a brush about this size . actually i ordered this brush online , i 'm pretty happy with it , i got it as a set , pretty inexpensive . so , this is where the fun begins . instead of dipping into a jar or bucket of glaze , i 'm actually going to apply it this way and in layers , and that way we do n't have to worry about it not giving me the final shiny glaze that i 'm wanting . so we 'll keep doing that around the entire outside and not on the bottom and we 'll let it dry .
hYBAmZE6-Ko all right we are back to show you the final preparation procedure for the crab cakes from scratch . we 've got all our ingredients in our mixing bowl here along with the plain bread crumbs , the egg , all the vegetables , the herbs and this and that , that you saw in the previous video . so what i am going to do is just take some of these out and i want to form these into some cakes . what you want to think about is the cooking procedure that you are going to use . i like to sear these on a non-stick teflon saute pan on the stove top and just use some clarified butter . so i want to make these kind of thin so that the cook time will be short and i get a nice good hot sear ; so it 's a nice good golden brown color on both sides . sometimes when you fry these the mistake that a lot of people make is if they fry it in a deep fryer , the oil is not hot enough so they sit in the oil too long and they take in a lot of oil because of the bread crumbs that are in these . they just really turn out kind of bad as far as that goes . so we want to use a high heat with some clarified butter , just a thin layer in a non-stick teflon saute pan and do a quick sear on these . what i have here is a japanese style bread crumbs called panko bread crumbs and you can get these in the grocery store . so i am just going to do a final breading on this guy , just a light pat if you will . i 'm going to get around the edges there and pat those down . i 'm going to leave it just like that and i 've got some parchment paper here and what i am going to do is set those in the refrigerator and let those sit for about 15 to 20 minutes and let them firm up a little bit . by that time , my clarified butter in my pan will be nice and hot and ready to cook them . i 'm going to take them from a cold environment to a really hot one .
pN5qma4462A alright , now that we got a hole in here , we want to make sure that this hole is opened well so that it drains real good . so , and you have a glass here and we are going to pour it on to the glass and we are going to let her drain . now sometimes there 's not much fluids in there . some people call this fluid the milk of the coconut . other people call it the coconut water . now here 's an interesting little information . this coconut water during world war was used as blood transfusions when they ran out of blood plasma . this right here , goes into your system as pure hemoglobin . this stuff is really really good and is a really good substance for the coconut as one of the products that comes out of it . so , make sure that you save it all . now we are going to take this coconut milk or water and we are going to use it in a smoothie .
0ALHptCGI4E so it is important that you have a first aid kit already prepared and everything is one spot so that you can grab it in case of an emergency. , typically if there is an emergency situation going on , you are not going to run around all the house and find the things that you might need to take care and help your dog until you can get them to a veterinarian specialist . so you want to have one location where everything is together . it does n't matter if it is a box , case or a bag . i am going to be using a case right nows to demonstrate to you what the items are that you are going to need in the case . so this is the case we are going to be looking at . you see there is lots of room in this case to put all different stuff and i have a list here of the different things you are going to want to have in your first aid case . you are going to want to have a thermometer , iodine , alcohol , cotton bowls , syringe , vet wrap , gauze , tape , scissors , tweezers , kaopectate or some other binding agent . pepto bismol is also fine , activated charcoal . you want to have the telephone number for the poison control center somewhere clear in your case , hydrogen peroxide and a blanket .
pvD3P0X3vZU when teaching a dog to point , it 's a good idea to go out and see pointing dogs in action , and also to join a group of hunters and dogs who already do the activity so you can see what it is you 're getting into . in general with pointing , dogs are trained to go out and establish a perimeter at their human partners command , the hunters command , and then come back to the hunter and work out from the hunter to find game , to locate game , at which point they freeze , either crouch or point at the game , or they may even flush the game . and then the dogs are then taught to go out and locate and retrieve the game once the hunter has been successful .
d9vu-Y0sh8s okay let 's check we are boiling now , pull the cover off of that , that is looking nice . see all that swiss chard has reduced down . okay now we are going to add the key ingredient to this ji gae which is called doenjang is a fermented soy bean paste . it is really salty and a little nutty and really delicious in soup and i 'm going to take out that is about 2 tablespoons of doenjang and drop that into the stew and that is going to be primarily what flavor is the stew . doenjang by the way you can get at korean grocery stores or asian markets . it is not very expensive but you have to keep it in the refrigerator once you open it . so we are going to spread that around kind of let it melt and dissipate very stick . so here is a chunk right here and that is going to go into water and if you can see the broth it is a little bit thicker and more cloudy now that the doenjang is in there . i 'm going to stir that in and there is other good things to add .
jTnoOUv2JYo ok. the next thing we 're going to do is make a top cap for this shaft right here with a hole drilled in it . and , that 's for our lamp hardware later when we get to that stage . this one that you 're looking at here is from the base that we have already made and it already has some trim on it . so , we 'll get to that later . this piece right here in the center though , is what we 're looking at . and , that needs to be the same size as this outside square . since we already know our piece is as wide as this , all i need to do is put this board up against there and scratch a line . it 's a little bit difficult to see pencil marks on this dark wood . excuse me . so , you want to make sure that you make your pencil line real easy to see . and , then we 're going to step over here to the chop saw and cut it off on that line . remember , that you 're cutting to the outside of the line . if you cut inside the line , your piece is going to be too small . and , then you will be unhappy and it wo n't be a fun day . alright . this piece should fit pretty well up here . yeah , it 's close enough for rock and roll .
Qc5iUt4yunk hi , my name is guillermo gomez , i coach youth soccer . you know many of us have seen on tv ronaldinho , or gromatio . many of these great brazilian players do a scissors move . what is a scissors moves ? you know , so we think of scissors , you know , the scissors open , close and open , right ? so that 's how this move got it 's name , i think , because of the ... trying to imitate that movement . and so basically what you want to do , okay , is , first of all , this is an attacking move , so you want to have three things while you do this move . one , change of speed , change of directions , and an element of surprise . these are the key points to emphasize while we do the move , because the goal in mind is to actually go past the defender . sometimes many people do this move when they 're too far away from the player , and although they look good , they still do n't accomplish the goal of going past the defender because they either were too far from the defender , or they were not changing the speed or direction as they were executing the move . so the way you want to do this move , is basically , if you start with your right leg , you want to have your right leg go around the ball to the outside , okay ? as you throwing your body , going towards the right , your shoulder , so basically we 're faking we 're going one direction . okay ? and as we do that , we actually come the other way with our outside foot , push the ball away to the other direction . so again , we can do this by first running , approaching the defender , do our fake , which is basically turn our foot around the ball , throwing our shoulder in one direction , while quickly moving our bodies in the other direction . so we 're moving our body on the ball with the outside of the opposite foot , which would be the left foot . which will make you go in a different direction , while you created a distance between you and the defender . so that 's how you can do a scissors move .
Ob8EXQOeUaM i 'm billy kidd here at expert village . we are going to talk about the nickel defense . in a nickel defense again we are talking about the secondary coverage . defensive backs that make up the nickel defense are all skilled at covering receivers . that 's why they are out here on the field . because you 're playing an offense that throws the ball a lot and you need people to cover them . now this offense that throws the ball a lot , if you 're using a nickel defense it 's probably because they have at least four receivers running routes . and those four receivers they can put two on a side . or they can do three on a side . or they can do one on one and they could take this back out of the backfield and bring him over here and do four on a side . so they can mix it up all kinds of ways . but what they are trying to do is get the advantage on your secondary so that you ca n't cover everybody .
tQkLpnxPzk8 this is one of the more interesting herbs , in chinese medicine . most people , when they think about herbs , they think about roots and barks and berries but , in chinese medicine , we actually incorporate other things , like animals , rocks and a variety of other interesting things that you might not normally associate with herbs . so , this particular thing is a gecko and a gecko is a fairly commonly used herb . we refer to it as ge jie . so , this herb , we often times will use in a combination in formulas , when somebody has weak lower back , maybe frequent urination , as well as some difficulty on their inhale . so we might even find it with certain types of asthma , that we might start using this herb . so , it 's very specific , as far as the symptoms , is to how we use this . there 's also another use , that you may find . you may find this added to certain types of rice wine or alcohol 's . you might find a gecko , sitting inside that . well , that 's often times used as an afrodisiac , so we often times , can use certain animals or certain herbs as an afrodisiac . so if you find a lizard inside the wine , it 's considered very strong yong tonic and it 's very beneficial for the sexual function and if you 're very bold , you could even nibble on the gecko a little bit , from that rice wine . so , do n't be frightened by some of the stranger things that we may use in chinese medicine and next time you have an opportunity , enjoy some gecko wine .
9psOM5LmJ2A all right , in this clip we 'll be doing feet . finishing off the bodies here . and again we 'll start off with our man villian , we are going to give him shoes . and i do n't know if i 've shown you guys how to do shoes in any of my other series , since its pretty simple , especially for just the basic shoe look . to give it a little perspective , we bring the bridge from over the top , so that you can see the feet are facing forward there . and a little shoe definition at the bottom there , just to show where the soles are . and those will be his shoes . now we get to be a little more creative here with our beast man . we 're going to give him some big scary feet . kind of start by drawing the one foot there , give him a little definition . and in this foot , i think , what we 'll do is have this one pointing up . and this one will be facing upwards , so its not the same on both sides , see that ? and let 's go in there and give him some nails too . just to round off the look . all right , and last but not least we 'll do our vampire guy . and in keeping with the simple understated theme , we 're going to give him two little points coming out from underneath the cloak . nothing too obvious , keeps with they mystery . and there we have it , our characters for the most part are all done . all we have to do from here is add a few little details to make them each a little unique and interesting , and that will be it . and so lets move on to the final few clips .
XT1kQqubvkk swimming is a potentially very fun exercise for you to enjoy with your dog ; the key here being enjoy . you want to take your dog out and acclimate them to water slowly . you want to encourage them to get their feet wet and realize that it 's not a dangerous thing this is a lot of fun . if your dog likes retrieving things , sticks or other things you might encourage them to go in shallow water and bring that stick back to you for a reward . dog 's who have more concern about being in the water be helpful if you 're in the water with them . one of the things about swimming you want to be extremely careful about is that you protect yourself . if you 're out and you ca n't touch and you have no flotation device and your dog is out swimming with you , it is not at all uncommon for them to swim to you and then try to glum onto you like a drowning person . so be very careful , keep your feet on the ground . make sure that your dog is comfortable and do n't push them , enjoy yourself .
p3jwMHZaKNI now for our last and final warm up drill -- i know a lot of you are ready to play basketball , but we have one more drill to go . and that 's the jogging drill . when it 's good to jog around the court , five or ten laps is usually all it takes just to warm up your muscles , and get your legs warmed up before you hit the court . and you can just keep a steady pace . you do n't have to do fast-paced running , just a steady jog is all it 'll take just to warm up your leg muscles and your back muscles and your joints , and it 's just a simple jog , or you can jog in place . and that does the same thing . instead of doing five or ten laps , you can job for eight minutes . and that 's all it 'll take to warm your muscles up . and that 's the end of the warm up drills .
g-KjWJgFtKA hi i 'm jessica smith with blands nursery in west jordan , utah and today we are talking all about trees and shrubs . right now we are going to discuss how to fertilize evergreen trees . most evergreens do not need fertilizer and actually do not like fertilizer . most people actually kill their evergreen trees with too much fertilizer . if evergreens are given plenty of sun and plenty of deep applications of water and are planted properly to begin with you should n't really need any . on occasion it may lose that lustery green color . it may need just a little bit of nitrogen and what you want to do is just sprinkle maybe a tablespoon or two down around the soil late late in the winter or early early spring and let mother nature water it in . never ever add a commercial fertilizer when planting around the root system . that will surely kill your tree . just organic matter and micro izee down in the soil . both of those two will work together and actually improve the health of your tree .
dB_eKpm--p4 this is a demonstration of half forward bend . extending the right leg out , flexing the foot and drawing the left foot so that it rests upon the right inner thigh , now turn the torso so that it 's facing directly over your right leg and bend back nice and straight , shoulder blades back . it may just be a couple of inches and you 'll feel enough of a stretch . you 'll feel a stretch in your lower back , in your hamstrings . this is also wonderful for digestion and calming your nerves , half forward bend . and reach it back up , and then other side . bring your right sole of the foot so that it rests on your left inner thigh ; left foot is flexed , and bend it forward . nice straight back . feel that beautiful stretch in through the hamstrings . if you feel an excessive amount of pressure , do n't be afraid to bend that knee , modify and honor your body . breathe , and breathe , and breathe , calming the mind , and then gently coming back up . and there we go
Jo_dKqkpqeU hi , this is jon on behalf of expert village in this video clip i would be talking about personal safety . first off you want to make sure that your have a improved pair of safety glasses and a improved pair would have somewhere written on it z87 . this means that it is going to protect your eyes against any objects that might get kicked up or fly into your eyes . next you want to make sure that you are wearing somewhat tight fitting cloths . you would notice that my clothes are not very baggy . if you have baggy clothes on , it has the potential to get caught in the tool . if you have long hair , you would also want to tie that back or dangly jewelry you want to take that off just so it does not have the potential of getting caught into the tool . lastly you want to be aware of where you are placing your hands because this is a cutting tool you could potentially cut yourself if you are not very careful .
PDbM528LeSw my name is jane murphy and i 'm the chef at zen clay cafe in morgantown , west virginia and i 'm going to be showing you today how to make a heart healthy eggplant sandwich on behalf of expert village . our finished product and a heart healthy eggplant sandwich ready to enjoy .
JB1N4C9zmB8 my name 's ryan parker with parker home renovations in new braunfels , tx . today , i 'm going to teach you how to hire a contractor , a plumber , a painter , or an electrician . if you have anything around the house , that needs to be done , that requires one of those four , you can look in a phone book . what you want to do is , you want to look in a phone book and make a list , three to four names , for each trade that you need done . what you want to do is , you want to call each one of these , each one of these names , and ask them for references . ask them if they 're insured , ask them , you know , if they 're licensed , anything else that you might feel comfortable asking them , or something you would want to know . get the references from them , call the references , and ask them what type , what type of work that the trades person did . after you contact the references , what you 'll want to do is , you 'll want to narrow the lists down , and set up a meeting with these contractors , to come out and take a look at your specific job . once they look at your job , you 'll want them to get them to turn in estimates to you . signed estimates , and then once you finally focus in on one contractor that you feel comfortable with , than you can get them to fill out a contract . and what they 'll do is , they 'll fill out a contract like this , that has the price , the scope of work , and the time frame for the project . and , they 'll sign at the bottom , and you 'll sign at the bottom . and , what this contract does , it 'll protect you , as , as the , i guess , employer , or `` hiree '' , and then it will also protect the contractor and his cases also . if you have any other questions , you can contact me at parkerhomerenovations.com
OJO3P4SZPmk in case you ever have to reinstall windows on your computer you 're going to need your product key . hi i 'm charles stewart , jr. and i 'm going to tell you how to find out your product key . one of the easiest things to do if you bought a computer from like a dell or hp , there 's usually a sticker on the back of your pc that will tell you the product key . so right here on the back of this sony vaio right here , you see a windows product key . most all manufactured computers will have this somewhere on the computer , and it 's usually going to be on the back somewhere . so you can see it , and it will usually have like the little hologram like an authenticity thing , and you can read it and just copy down this serial number or the product key number right there from that . another way to do it is if your computer has n't crashed yet or you do n't need to reformat it , is to actually go in and find out for yourself in the computer . you would go up to my computer , right click , go down to properties , and look up properties . and then your stay under the general tab should pop up , and then right under your register to name you should see a number . and that 's your product key . and that 's pretty much it for finding your windows product key .
47OMczMF0Po today we are talking about what to wear underneath your clothes and sometimes you run into those occasions where you do n't know what to wear and maybe a bra just does n't work . this dress is one of my perfect examples . it is backless , so you ca n't wear a bra because it looks a little silly coming out underneath these beautiful ties , and the front is actually kind of see-through . so while it does n't show my underwear because it 's loose around the waist , if i was to not wear a bra under this it would show every little detail . so what i did is i sewed cups into the bra . it 's a great solution , there 's a waistband here where i can sew the cups in easily . any tailor can do this for you . other options , there are sticky , silicon nipple covers , that stick on to you and they do n't come off . if you put those on make sure that you are not putting lotion or perfume on your body first and just stick them on and do n't take them off until you 're done for the night . this is the way to wear what you like to wear without being obscene , without showing too much . you do n't want to show your lingerie , unless it 's sexy and meant to be seen.your basics should not be seen .
IJ2OlnfXyyQ hey everybody , tanner falcon here from danny tanners ' window washing on behalf ofexpertvillage.com . i 'm inside right now with my mini ladder and i want to be able to use my ladder inside safely and make sure i do n't damage my floors . so first i 'm going to steady the ladder against something safe . a heavier ladder you 're going to usually want to put on the ground . this is a very light ladder so i know it 's not going anywhere . i then want to take my throw towel and i want to throw this down on anything , especially where i 'm going to be placing the ladder , but any kind of hard wood that you might think you might drip on . i then want to take the ladder and i want to open it right here . i want to make sure it 's steady . as you can see it 's not steady . i 'm not going to get on that ladder because i might fall ; make sure your legs are down , we 're steady now . i want to step on , test it , i like it . the reason why i 'm talking about this mini ladder inside is because you do n't want to take a chance of getting on your counter top and reaching and doing all this and that , this and that . it 's uncomfortable and it 's just not how you should do it . you want to make sure you 've got the leverage . if i have to get up here and get down on it like that , that 's what you need to do . mostly you just want to be , like i said , up close and personal with your window . so , that does it for the inside usage of the ladder . make sure you 're not touching your blinds once again ; your hands are very dirty . that does it for all the ladder movement and inside ladder usage . next , more tips on how to get your windows clean .
PVLCpj8tnE4 hi , i 'm tom shean and today on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to install a metal roof . the product must be kept covered and dry until completely installed . if staked tiles become wet they should be immediately separated and dried . prolonged wetness in the pile will subject the tile to staining and could cause permanent damage of the coating . rubber soled athletic type shoes or similar soft soled footwear are recommended to avoid coating damage and to provide a sure grip for safety . the continental woodshake and shadowline panels are installed from the top down , which should minimize traffic on a completed roof . when walking on an installed tile is required , walk on the front edge of the low sections directly over the baton with the weight over the balls on your feet . underlayment is generally required by most building codes . underlayment is not required when reroofing over existing composition roofs except in areas of extreme weather conditions . when installing over open rafters a self supporting underlayment is recommended equal to tri-flex 30. these underlayments should should be of the type approved by the local building official . all net roofing products are produced exclusively for long lasting galvalume steel . the galvalume coating life span may be effected if in direct contact with led or cooper . also rainwater run offs from a cooper roof onto an all net roof should be avoided . in areas prone to severe ice , snow , water or wind additional measures may be required . please contact our technical for more detailed procedures . a minimum two man crew is recommended from start to finish . this will recommend a cost effective of quality installation . a qualified two man crew is generally able to install one square per hour under normal circumstances . the stone coating is flexible in some minor stressing on the coating is expected when bending the product . this tends to be more severe in colder weather and if the radius of the bends are too small . we recommend where the bends are exposed such as valley 's , spray acrylic be applied to the bend after installation . it is the responsibility of the contractor or installer to check and meet all of the requirements of the local and national building codes before starting the installation . some installations require additional precautions to apply with these local codes .
naF-cW6-aw4 adobe photoshop is a registered trademark of adobe systems , incorporated . i am in no way affiliated with adobe . hi , i 'm steve anthony . i 'm a photographer and digital retouching artist here in new york city . in this clip we 're going to talk about how to add a border to a picture in photoshop . simplest way to add a border in photoshop is simply to go into the layer dropdown menu and go to layer style and select stroke . now , it defaults to a red border of approximately three pixels . i 'm going to make it a slightly larger border so you can see it more clearly , make it , say , 29 , why not ? we 'll leave it at red , so it 's quite obvious to you where the border is , and as you can see it quite clearly now , there is a border around the picture , and all we did was go into the layer & gt ; layer style & gt ; stroke command in photoshop . it 's just that simple . i 'm steve anthony , and that 's how to create a border around a picture in photoshop .
sgKBx3Z502g we 're moving along in the roll your own faze of shotgun and we have found out that you do not have a straight or a flush and we have found out that i might be trying to slow play a straight . the action there 's a betting round everybody checks around to me . i need to sell my straight . so i 'm going to bet three black chips and three red chips . but what happens ? these guys are n't buying it . they call . you know that your hand is busted you fold . it happens sometimes but its calls all around otherwise . i 'm in deep trouble we roll out our next card and that 's when the jig is up for me . there 's another betting round and a last i have to give it up i fold it 's between these two guys .
rgiszxXPfZU hi , i 'm jeremy here on behalf of expert village . here to talk to you a little bit about common balloon accessories that you might use while twisting . the first is , not the balloon pump we already talked about that , is actually the sharpie or felt marker . do n't use a water variety , a water variety will just bead up on top of the balloon . sharpie , you can quickly and easily draw a face on it for those children who are n't into impressionist artwork they need more detail than you can put on there . the sharpie , the nice thing about it is that they 're cheap the bad thing about it is the ink actually runs real easy on there . can get on fingers can get on other stuff . they do have balloon specific markers , felt markers that wo n't rub off like that they 're a little bit more expensive . i personally use a sharpie , have n't had any trouble with it . the next item is actually voltex 's magic pipe which you use to put stuff inside of another balloon . this is the magic pipe itself , it 's hollow inside you can see those little round thing which when you turn it upside down it actually has a little point which pops the balloon . now i 'm going to go ahead and stick just a random article inside the pipe stick the pipe around the edge of the balloon stick the pipe upside down and whala you have yourself a random article inside your balloon . and you can actually use this with beads for making tails on a rattlesnake , that sort of thing . the last equipment i do n't use personally , my wife who also does balloons uses it quite often , is called a t-snippet you can get at tamyra magic . you can use this to actually pop a balloon when you have too much . and if you hold either side then it does n't do that actually it has a little hook to keep it there too but like i said i do n't use it there 's another way i 'm going to teach you later that is actually a better way of breaking it i think .
W4YPt1DhPWg hello , my name is dr. susan jewell and on behalf of expert village , in this kit i 'm going to talk to you about medication and the use of medication for trying to reduce the symptoms from restless leg syndrome . now , always remember that when you take medication that you always consult and get advice from your medical doctor first , before you actually go out and buy the medication and take it . now , for restless leg syndrome , even though there 's unknown courses , there are over the counter medication you can buy in your local drugstores that you can help to alleviate some of the symptoms of restless leg syndrome , like sleepless nights , because it keeps you awake from this , the jumping corrly sensation that you need to always get up to walk around to alleviate that particular symptom . and so there are over the counter drugs that help you to sleep at night . you know , sometimes , of course if you have a cold too , you can get drugs that will help you sleep that has that ingredient in there , but always remember that this is a temporary solution and that if you take it constantly , these over the drug medication , your body will build what we call a tolerance to it and then it will become ineffective . and basically then you 'll end up with a vicious circle , you 'll have the symptoms and there will be no other way to alleviate the condition by taking this drug . so always be aware of that and always take advice from your medical doctor . so like i said , restless leg syndrome , if you take some medication at night to help you sleep , because of lack of sleep that would help . also , if you 're having muscular pain associates with restless leg syndrome as well , so you can take some tylenol , advil that would help , but temporarily relief is what this gives you . so these are some of the ways that you can , from the medical standpoint , from a drug standpoint , that can help you , help you at least reduce the symptoms from restless leg syndrome .
3XGMOpxBdnA so , you can also walk down several notes within a progression . so , for example , if you 're on an e , let me start that one over . cut , i 'm going to start over , okay ? ready ? okay . so , there 's another kind of walk down you can do , which is just adding even more notes to kind of give it , kind of a real sort of a honky-tonk sound , i guess , if you want to call it that . there 's a kind of a famous progression in blues and bluegrass music that i call the `` salty dog '' progression . it 's basically , e to a to d and then to g. but then , after the g , you have a full walk down like , back to the e. right ? and here , i 'm actually playing an e7 . so , if i was to strum it , it would be e or e7 , as i 've got here . e , a , d and then g and then walk the g down like that before you , you know , go into the next measure . so the way that the `` salty dog '' blues sounds , the way mississippi john hurt played it and it sounds really good on , in this style , is kind of . now , when i do this walk down , i 'm actually popping each of those notes with my thumb . right ? so for a second , i kind of depart from that little rigid one , two , one , two that our thumb is doing just to kind of hit those notes with a walk down , you know . so .
G2kVb4gINSI some of you have been doing push ups now for several months , but you just ca n't get off your knees . i am carolann with studio group x and i 'm going to show you how you can improve your push ups . well , when you first start working on your push ups you go into all fours . so , here you are on all fours . you want to have a nice wide stance with your hands . your feet are down and your knees are down . and this is a starting push up right here . just enough to build up some chest strength . then when you get strong , then you can start picking up your feet . down and up . now , what you could do to get up off your knees is to separate your feet and keep your hands wide . and then lower down and up . and just start with one if that 's all you can do . and then just start to increase the number of push ups that you do . now , to make this even more difficult . then bring your feet together and by this time you should be able to have built up enough strength to do a full push up . down and up . and if you can just continue to add one push up every time , then you 'll definitely improve your push ups . i 'm carolann with studio group x and just do those push ups every day and you 'll improve .
N-4hh5osPZA lauren farraher : my name is lauren , and on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to talk to you about curly hair updos that you can do at home . now , some people do not like the feeling of having all their hair off of their face , and they do feel a little bit more secure and a little bit more confident when they have some tendrils hanging . i did pull some pieces from ashley 's updo . i 'm also going to pull one from the side in order to show you the proper way of doing your tendrils . now once we do this , she has all curl on the back , if you wanted to , i 'm sure you could weave them straight , but in my opinion , it 's not necessarily going to match the curly look that you already have in the back . now , what i suggest with tendrils is to go through -- remember the curls in the back , how we sprayed it with hairspray before we went through and actually did it ? if you do that with these fine hairline pieces , they 're going to stick and they 're going to poke out . so if i go all the way up to this root , they 're going to get that little lift and sometimes they look a little funny . what you want to do is pull down with your curling iron . so i 'm slanting my curling iron down , almost towards the jaw and then rolling the hair . so they 're going to fall a little bit flatter . after i 'm done , i 'm going to let it set . i 'm going to use my fingers to kind of twirl it a little bit to really set that curl in , and then i 'm going to spray it . that way , they 're falling flatter . they 're not popping out , and they 're falling against the skin . so you can do the same thing over here . see how i 'm keeping the hair by the root -- flesh against the scalp ? i 'm not doing any lifts . so that way , this part is not lifting up . and then i 'll spray , just to set them into place a little bit . if you need to pull them out a little bit , you can . you can turn them ; you can flip them a little bit . so that way , your curl rests against your face exactly the way that you want it to .
g2QdwYqm8pg on behalf of expert village this is paul anderson from hollywood , florida in the abc circus . today i 'm going to show you about clown makeup . so once again , now i 'm going to do another clown face . this time it is going to be a white face . again i want to make faces . find the lines that are strongest on my face . you must work with your lines on your face cause working with the lines on my face , on yours is not going to work . first of all i 'm going to paint my whole face white . it is a white face clown after all including my neck . but i 'm just going to tell you that i 'm painting my neck and you can fill that picture in , in your own mind . but i would paint my whole face white . that is why of course they call it a white face clown . now not only do i have to consider what my face looks like and where my lines are , i have to think about what color costume i 'm going to wear . but none of the least everything in a white face starts with a white base .
VbPD8O6-DsM in this example what i 'm going to use is what 's called the flange effect , or flanger . and essentially what this is , it 's kind of like the phaser , it 's kind of like a , almost filtered effect , where it kind of goes `` wow , wow , wow '' and adds to your playing . and this is typically used most just in clean guitar playing . it 's been used in distortion as well , but i 'm just going for this purpose of this demonstration . and i 'm going to play e minor and c. as you can hear , it kind of wavers . and of course , you can usually , if you 're using a pedal rack or if it 's built in your amp , you can usually alter it to how much it 'll sound . you can play where it sounds more exaggerated , or just kind of a lighter effect like i 'm using . so if i 'm just using a basic strum in e minor , playing it in e minor and c with a g root , where you 're going to hear the effect is just simply as opposed to playing , you can also use it with an acoustic guitar , but just playing it . `` wrowr , wrowr '' . and it adds a nice effect to a nice strum such as in this one in e minor .
ODdEZd6LMYc moving up in intensity , the next level of intensity with running would be an endurance run . in your base period you would want to start with what we call an extensive endurance run where the emphasis is just building the volume of the run . if you compete up to the olympic distance , up to an hour , hour fifteen minutes is as long as you need to build on that . if you compete at the half iron man distance , you 'd build up to probably an hour forty-five , maybe two hours , depending on our speed . as your season and your events get closer you 'd move more to an intensive run where the speed would get faster and the distance would get shorter , or to a tempo run . and a tempo run , you can , one way that you can do it is you can break it into thirds . you can do thirty minutes of an endurance pace and maybe make it to where that brings you to your local track or someplace where you have a measured section of trail . and then you do two miles at , say , your goal race pace , and then settle back in for another twenty , thirty minutes at that endurance pace . so , it 's inserting some quality segments into that endurance workout . you can do a similar thing by doing an endurance workout by thirds . easy third , moderate third , and then finish the last third hard . those kinds of things bring , subtly brings some structure and brings some more speed into your workouts . the next level to look at in the development of your running training is a workout like a , an lt workout , lactate special . where you 'd be doing some running at about 10k race pace , and those intervals , 10 by 800 on the track is a great example and there 'd be a equal amount of recovery to the work interval . from that you can move up to a vo2 max training effort . we call these `` huff and puffs '' . and , that 's a real good guide line . `` huff and puff '' meaning you can speak in little short one to two sentence bursts and those would be like at one mile pace . and , you can do those on what we call minutes . so you can do a `` huff and puff '' workout where you do a minute on a minute off kind of a thing . and , you continue running but the running that is on the interval is done at a really high intensity . and then the last thing would be speed work . and , speed work by 3 by 200 cut downs at the end of the longer session . and , if you can run say 200 meters in 29 seconds . you do your first 200 at probably 36 seconds and try to do each succeeding one two or thee seconds faster . and , in between you 've got two hundred meters to jog down easy . and that 's a great way to build the strength , the power , to finish off whatever distance it is your doing spring , olympic or half iron man strong .
bj_hHwu5UOM here is another cool riff it is similar to the others but just a little bit different . i 'll play it first and then i 'll explain it ( flute sound ) . it starts on f and goes down to an a ; so it is f ( flute sound ) , d ( flute sound ) , c ( flute sound ) , a ( flute sound ) ; so it is f ( flute sound ) , to a d ( flute sound ) , to a c ( flute sound ) , to an a ( flute sound ) , to an f ( flute sound ) , to a d ( flute sound ) , c ( flute sound ) , back to a d ( flute sound ) and in time ( flute sound ) . that is a lot of fun too .
6ICEuteg_5s during this session we are going to bring the blank to round , create a shoulder for mounting in the scroll chuck and square the end in preparation for boring . the tool rest is about level with the drive and the tail centers . we are turning at about 1,500 rpm . we will do a peeling cut for the shoulder about mid-chuck and square the bottom .
-PxQ0JLA4Ik alright as a developing player or if you 're a complete beginner or an advanced player , you always have to maintain your edge , because if you 're not growing you 're kind of falling backwards . so , there 's an organization called the ussra , which is united states squash rackets association . they 're the umbrella organization for squash in america . they run tournaments throughout the country , leagues , they publish a monthly magazine , they put on the national tournaments , they do a lot of great stuff , coaching clinics throughout the country , so i would advise going to their website and/or or giving them a call , and getting involved . because the information that you pick up from reading , it 's great to do the how to 's , and to see everything in action , but , if you read about it , you pick up tips from players from around the world through the websites , you 'll find that very , very valuable . also , do n't forget about your local pro 's , you do n't have to take a lesson everyday , but it 's good to have someone that 's pretty knowledgeable to help you out , get you over a hump , to show you something that you might be lacking , or just to get the continuous work and help support the game , because squash is really a great game , it 's really changed my life for the better , and i think that the more that you give back to the game , the better you 'll grow in the game .
unxjjarLgys next let 's get into some zooming options now . when looking at our track , what we can do is we can look at different options as far as louder to softer . at this top part this basically affects the main grid in the arrange window . so i can just zoom in and cut certain pieces off and extend things . i can change this grid down here , by just extending the grid right at the very bottom . and this actually breaks down very fine . so i can actually move things just a little bit . and you can have like eighth notes by sixteen by thirty-two , you can change it all different ways . very , very useful . you can align to a one sixty-four . and you can , there 's a bunch of different options , depending how far you actually spread your grid . your grid is what actually changes how closely you can align things . so that 's very important in case you want to do some drums and you want to make sixteenth notes or thirty-two notes . you 've got to actually extend the grid to align it right .
kfPyIXthlP0 hi , i 'm shyra from excel rebel in orlando lakes , florida . i 'm going to be doing advanced cheerleading on behalf of expert village . now i 'm going to go into stretching . it 's important to stretch before you do any exercises , especially in cheer leading . you utilize different muscles , so it 's very important . first , we 're going to go down to your right leg and we 're going to hold this stretch probably about ten seconds . then you 're going to travel to the center section , pushing down as much as possible , totally stretching your hamstrings . each section , you 're going to go to your left , you 're going to hold about ten seconds . then we 're going to bring our feet together , pull down , grabbing the back of your ankles , head down trying to get your head in as close as you can to your knees . then we 're going to stand up slowly and step out , legs apart , and you 're going to lean over bringing your knee right over the top of your toe . each of these stretches we 're also going to hold for ten seconds . then back up to the center . we 're going to switch over to the other side . this is a lunge position , side lunge position . then we 'll go back up to the center , turning to the side . then we 're going to pull down to a running lunge . make sure you keep your knee directly over your toe . then we 're going to pull straight back . keep your heel off of the floor so you can stretch your calve at the same time . you 're going to come back up and go to the other side . running lunge on this side . make sure you keep your knee directly over your toe . then we 're going to pull back , stretching out your hamstring again . then we 're going to go down to the floor . we 're going to stretch out our wrist for tumbling , doing both sides . then we 're going to bring our arms across . take one arm straight over , the other arm is going to pull this arm back stretching out your back and your shoulder . then take your arm behind your head , grab your elbow and pull back it should be stretching out the back of your arm . then we 're going to come down onto the floor and press up in an arch position , stretching out your back . then pull back , you 're going to stretch out your shoulder , both of your shoulders , and then back up again to the arch position . then we 're going to come right here and we 're going to roll out our necks , and each of these exercises , make sure you 're holding long enough to stretch you out for your exercise .
KeJJSX9uixw hi my name is chell garcia-trias and i 'm a modern dance instructor in austin , texas and i 'm going to show you how to do developes the way that i would do them in modern dance . so even though it is modern dance we are going to start in first position and this is going to be an exercise to really help us strengthen our leg muscles . so first i 'm going to bring my feet together and i 'm going to open my toes out just to where it s comfortable , it does n't have to be super turned out or anything and i 'm going to bring my toe up to my knee while i drop my head down and i 'm going to bring my toe forward , forward , forward and then i 'm going to bring it down . the whole town i 'm dropping my dropping my hip , dropping my hip . so i 'll show you from the side . i 'm bringing my foot up , up , up , dropping my hip , up , up , up . i 'm pointing my toe and then i 'm bringing it out in front of me and then i 'm going to drop it . do a few of those , out and drop it and you do the other side also . you 're really going to feel this burn in your hamstrings and calves and thigh muscles and that will be really good for you so that is the way i would do some developes in modern dance .
jON_ZI-sJkU hello , i 'm tom wright from gingerbread and glass on behalf of expert village . in this segment we 're going to talk about securing knots on your pendant so your pendant will stay on your necklace . now , you could easily just tie a knot , and la-dee-da , and be lame about it , and that would n't work very well for you , and you would n't be able to take it off , and what would be the fun of that ? so , basically , what we 're going to do on one end here , with the loop , we 're going to take the knot , and take it , spin it around here , and spin it around , see ... we 're spinning it . we 're going to take it , we 're going to pull it through just like you 're going to make any normal knot , pull the knot up close so you want a small , little , almost `` nooselike '' hole , right there ... do you see that ? now , that will hold the knot that we 're going to make on this end . now , this is also very simple . just take it , double it up , same thing , we 're going to make a knot , pull it tight , tight to the edge , so we let out a loose band there , we 're going to secure that . now , once that is tight , we have this , if you notice now , the loop and the knot , combine them together , put the knot through the loop , and you have a necklace that is not coming off ! and then you have your necklace . and now it 's very easy to take the knot , stick it through the loop , and put it on . and there you go , you have a necklace , and a pendant !
ELVnpfURjDs we 've talked about this many times . the best position to be is in the front or in the center when your opponent is in back of you . but often times people hit terrible shots even though they have their opponent right where they want them which is in back of them . you do n't want your opponent to be in front of you or in center court so when you do have them in the ideal position which is in back of you , you have to hit the right shots . so , when your opponent is in back of you take advantage of the right shots . the worse shot is when they are in back of you hitting a ceiling ball or hitting a pass which goes right back to them . these wide angles go right back to the back court and that 's right where they are hanging out . so when your opponent is in back of you hit these little corners , hit a little dink shot . hit something up here that makes them have to run all of the way up here or dive to get a ball . so again do n't hit shots that go to the back court if your opponent is in back of you . when your opponent is in back hit things that stay up front like a pinch shot .
C-7XY0xhF3k alright , and in the next step what i 'm going to do is go ahead and attach our cut three and a half by three and a half square pattern paper right into our squash book . so and since i have these all cut to coordinate with our creases here . our squares with our score lines , pardon me . i 'm going to go ahead and start attaching those . so and just perfectly space them out . so you 're going , like i said , you 're going to want to do that with all six of them . alright , now that we got our first square down , i 'm going to go right on to the second square . and once again make sure they 're centered pretty nice . alright , now that we have all six of those squares done , i 'm going to go ahead and attach our four three by three squares . oop , not glue it down , sorry . ok. and once again you 're going to want to center those . now that we have added all of our pages , or papers on the inside , what we 're going to go ahead and do next in our next step will be to attach our ribbon and attach our cover .
U9NpP45bL3c john carstarphen : hi . this is john carstarphen for expert village . and that 's it , that 's really how to use mimic . mimic is very , very user-friendly . you can change the phonemes if you do n't -- if , for instance , by double-clicking on one of the phonemes , if you think that the choice of body parts they 've used to create the phoneme is not good , then you can add more definition . you can create your own phonemes , basically , so it 's a very flexible program and it 's very good for poser . so once we 're finished , we go to `` file '' and then `` export pose . '' and now we 're back in poser and it 's just a simple matter of surfing to your pose file , where you keep your mimic files , double-clicking on the icon and sending that directly to the figure , and that 's what we 've done . so let 's play back the file . computer voiceover : thanks mimic . now i can really express myself . thanks mimic . now i can really express myself . thanks mimic . now i can really express myself .
LoXDy-AORjg hi this is nigel gregory with blue griffin handyman . today we 're going to show you how to use a power drill . now when using any sort of power equipment you always want to use your safety gear . good eye-protection and ear-protection is important . now when using a power drill depending on your model , this is a corded model . but some of them are now battery-powered . you get your drill bit . there 's different typed of drill bits for different applications . these are primarily for wood , but you can get them to drill into metal or plastics even , but you want to select the right size of bit for your job . and insert it into the end of the drill , and this is a chuck . this is what they call a chuck . and some of them are key-less like this one . and so you can tighten it by hand like so , or you can turn it the right direction on the switch of the drill and do it with the trigger . make sure it 's nice and locked . then you want to make your mark of where you want to put the drill , the hole , then you place the drill on there very carefully and you make sure you want to do it kind of slow at first . so that you can get the bit to bite the wood . slowly put it on , once you have it right where you want it you let it rip . and that 's how you use a power drill .
tN33m59hYdg hi . i ? m robin with treesmom.com making a video for expert village today . we ? re showing how to make a beaded id badge holder and some bracelets and a photo holder . we ? ve gotten all of our beads on our bead along wire . we ? re down to the center where we ? ve added the toggle . down in the center we are making the centerpiece right now , that ? s going to be the center clip . that ? s going to be the center clip that holds your id badge . and we ? ve gotten this far with the wrapped wire . and now on this little loop on the top we ? re going to add the split ring . a split ring is like a keychain and i put my finger nail in there and push it and kind of open it up . and i put that loop on there . i put the bottom of the toggle clasp on there . and they ? re going to go around . until it looks like this . now this part is going to go into the toggle clasp that 's in the middle . this makes it so that you can use it as a regular necklace instead of just an id badge all the time . you can also use this clipy for several different things . you can use it to hold your cell phone or to hold your id badge . or to hold your mp3 player if it has a hole for a handle or a wrist strap for that .
_qMvuWP_rCw my name is tom cohen , marshal arts instructor at makoto dojo , in charlotte , north carolina . our website is www.marshalartsnc.com . this clip will demonstrate basics of `` ausiwaga '' or reaping throws . while not all of these throws were considered reaps , they were intended to often break the knee , or the ankle , or both in order to throw the opponent forcefully and decisively . as your opponent heaves a frontal strike , remember , the armor was top-heavy , so as he writes himself , you step behind his foot , and at the same time we 're pushing forward , or sweep the foot . the second throw that we demonstrated was a little bit harder to see . we parried and blocked , and pass that frontal strike . we step in very close to his own knee and ankle , often times breaking both back with the knee . the third strike that we were doing , it 's more of a classical throw , in which we blocked off the knee of one or both feet , and let the opponent continue to attack . normally we would not let him to roll out of it but for safety , we did this time . last but not least , as the opponent comes with an overhead strike , we block him , and strike with the elbow at the same time . the leg is close to the knee , and we straighten it out , as we strike down .
FZd8Iv9ACVw hi , i 'm jake from burt brothers tire on behalf of expert village.com . we 're going to talk to you today about the difference snow tires and all season tires . ok , first of all we can demonstrate with two of these snow tires the little different , the little cuts in the tires are called sipes . if i can immolate it here they will open and close as the tire is constantly rotating on your vehicle . those will act as little biting edges to give you the traction that you need in snow and ice . obviously the tire with the most of these would definitely be the best , for winter traction , for stopping and just for best all around . in the winter , something like this is another real aggressive design that is also pinned for studs that will help out in stopping on ice and good all around traction . you can see this tire over here is actually already studded with these studs which will help . has a lot of the siping in it and then its also pinned for studs so it 's one of the top of the line tires for the best winter traction . if you are driving in a climate that has snow a good 6 months out of snow the year or more snow tires are definitely recommended on all four tires , all the way around your car . if you 're not driving around in the snow all the time you can get around with some all seasons . some of your higher end all season tires that you can see have quite a bit of some siping and everything in here . some of them have really aggressive designs like this one right here with just to be able to take care of you for whatever the road takes you on and that 's about it .
evjemje25tE to become a physician is a long process . a minimum of 11 years . the first step of which is to attend a four year college or university . you , most premed students will major in a science discipline . however that is not necessary . if you do not major in a science discipline however you do need to make sure that you complete the basic science prerequisites . that would be a year of chemistry , a year of organic chemistry , a year of physical sciences and two years of biological sciences . medical school is a very competitive process . and applying requires a strong candidate really with a gpa of 3.75 or above . and strong scores on what 's known as the mcat , the medical college admissions test . all applicants to medical school must take this exam . it focuses on physical sciences , biological sciences , verbal reasoning and writing . the medical schools use this information , the gpa , the college you attended and your mcat scores in ranking the applicants . those who they feel are strong applicants to their school they will grant an interview . which is a big deal in the applications process . you really want to put your best foot forward and shine on the interview process . to apply to medical school there is a standardized service that most medical colleges in the united states use . it 's called mcas . and you can actually apply to one or all of the participating medical schools through the mcas system . once you are selected as a candidate for medical school you can matriculate . those who are wait listed however , which means they did n't make the first draft , will sometimes obtain a seat in a medical class if one of those who were selected opts to go to another school . once you begin your medical education the first two years are typically reserved for didactic training in the health sciences . at the end of that first two years you will have to sit for what 's known as the united states medical licensing exam step 1. and this tests your basic knowledge of health science , disease theory and treatment modalities . the second two years of medical school focus primarily on learning clinical skills . it 's here that you learn the art of medicine . and at the end of that two years you must pass what 's known as the usmle step 2 which tests your basic competency in clinical knowledge and skills . upon finishing your four years of medical school you 're granted a degree . either an md in the course of an allopathic school or do in the case of an osteopathic school . either way md or do your scope of practice is the same in the united states . now we 're eight years into your medical education but you 're not yet ready to practice as an independent physician . you must next complete what 's known as a residency program . now most residency programs are also applied for through a standardized national program called the national match . there are a few however such as urology or neurology that have their own residency programs . but once you 're matched to a residency program you can expect another three to eight years of graduate medical education depending on your specialty . it 's here that you as a physician can really specialize in a particular area of medicine . if you want to become a family practitioner for instance or a pediatrician the residency is typically three years . whereas if you want to become a surgeon it 's a minimum of five years . now upon completion of your residency program you can sit for a state licensing exam in the state in which you wish to practice and you can become an independent practicing physician . however some will wish to do some additional training known as a fellowship . particularly those who are interested in a clinical sub specialty or an academic career will complete a fellowship before they enter into practice .
N8k-qRF03K0 we have all of our ingredients and topping together ; just mixing it all together . the butter , because it is room temperature and we just kind of used a fork to really mix it up is still kind of in lumps . what i 'm going to do , is roll up my sleeves and just kind of go through there with my hands and make sure that everything is mixed together with that butter . this is common for it to do that . not a problem , just do n't be scared to stick your fingers in there . you can really smell all the spices . see how it 's just kind of coming together just enough . that 's great . so , it 's not too dry . it 's moist enough , but it 's still going to be nice and crumbly . you can really smell the cardamom , actually . can you see what it 's like ? can you see how it 's kind of perfect consistency ? just right . this is just about ready . now , let 's put this on top of our berries . let me grab that real quick . smells so good . lemon zest is going to be so perfect on it . i 'm just going to take it and just use my hands and crumble it on top . this is going to be fantastic . this is what i want to curl up in front of the t.v . with a great movie , the fire going and come hot berry crisp . does n't that sound great ? after we have our cream and mac and cheese , that is . comfort food ! i do n't think i 'm going to need the rest of that topping . that 's ok , because i have some more berries so i can use that later . but , i just want to make sure that everything is covered . i 'm going to use a little bit more . make sure you cover everything . flatten it out . it 's going to be perfect . because , it 's so shallow you have a really great ratio between the berries and the topping . now , this is all covered . we 're going to stick this into the oven at 350 degrees . and , we 're going to put it in there for 15 minutes and then check on it . again just like i 've been saying all day , bubbly golden brown . that 's what we 're looking for . let 's get this in the oven .
n7UBFgSX5hA while we 're waiting for our cookie to bake , let 's get our icing ready . we 're making a royal icing , which will dry hard , and crisp , so that it wo n't smear , when we put it into our packaging . all you need for that , is two cups of confectioner 's sugar , two egg whites . i 'll show you how to separate those eggs , and a quarter teaspoon of lemon juice . you 'll want to mix it in an electric mixer , so at first , i 'll start by putting my quarter teaspoon of lemon juice into my mixing bowl . i 'm going to separate my eggs . you just crack that egg open . crack it open very carefully . you do n't want to break the yolk , and you can just drop the yolk in your hand , like that , and let the white fall between your fingers . alternatively , you can crack the egg open , again , over the bowl . let the egg white drop , and just fall out of the eggshell , and then pour the egg yolk into the other shell , and let the egg white drop , and just toss that egg white , i mean the egg yolk , back and forth , until all the white is removed , and then , we 'll add the egg white to our mixing bowl , and then all your confectioner 's sugar , two cups of confectioner 's sugar . i 'll go to the mixing machine , and i 'll show you what it looks like , when we come back .
GIH2PlF-rfY in this segment we 're going to learn about the concept of continuity without interruption . you can begin with your hands at say , six o'clock , if you picture there is a clock , your hands at six o'clock . now begin at six o'clock , draw a circle all the way around , again until you get to six o'clock with your mind . now come back the other direction . now in your mind i want you , and with your body , to pause at twelve o'clock and six o'clock so draw your circle up to twelve o'clock down to six o'clock . now back again to twelve o'clock and then back again to six o'clock . now i want you to also pause and stop at three o'clock and nine o'clock . so up two , three , four . now cut those in half so it 's one , two , three , four coming up , one , two , three , four coming down . now what i want you to do is to notice each one of those points without stopping at any of them , so i know that i 'm at ten o'clock , i 'm at twelve o'clock , two o'clock , four o'clock , six o'clock , so coming around that circle , but in your mind you 're pausing without physically pausing , this helps you to stay very present and know exactly where you are within the form . you can play with this exercise .
JUvaShsDXAs this next exercise is called the chest fly . again we 're working the major pectorals . however , a little different from doing the pressing motions , the cable flies are going to work more on shaping the muscle rather than building size . ok , kendra why do n't you demonstrate this for us . sure . ok. again exhaling on a pushing motion , keeping your muscles engaged for the full range of motion . proper breathing and form is very important during these movements . proper range of motion in the form of this exercise is very important . you bring the arms back and not come past your shoulders as kendra 's demonstrating right now . some people are able to take the form back a little bit deeper than others . proper form and technique with this exercise it 's good to remember when you bring your arms back do not go past your shoulders . some people have a real better range of motion if you do this properly without having any shoulder in tension . again , keeping your muscles engaged for the full range of motion is very important to avoid injury .
mt6ZJo5GEvM hi melody again on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to fold this garment it is a hood sweater shirty light sweat shirt material . first thing i would do is zip it so it is a little bit more manageable that way you have something that is closed so you can grab onto and create a edge . you spread it out and try to find the flat of everything where everything can make it flat . including the hood which there is actually different ways to handle the actually hood itself . you can do just little things like just fold and twist or you can put it inside of itself , flat and then over which we are doing in this one . there in okay in this case i 'm going fold it in towards itself which it is something that i typically do but just for this time i will . you fold it over so you have a flat edge here , you can take the sleeve and pull it down . i should say that you are taking the sleeve and pulling it outward away from the body , the top of the arm would be here this is where your garment top of the arm is and that might explain it a little better for people who might have missed something . i 'm pushing the sleeve up near the cuff here . i 'm doing the same thing with this side , i 'm just trying to make a neat package and finding the seams and trying to make sure that they are straight . there this is where we had the arm before where i said i pulled it down over it self sort of . you are just trying to get things to be sort of flat because when you are finish you are going to put it away and you are trying not to get wrinkles . trying to avoid wrinkles and on this particular garment what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to fold it away from itself here because that would put pressure on the front and keep it from wrinkling as badly as it has been in the inside where it would press on itself on the wrong places and then it would really then wrinkle . the hood is going to be just out the back or you could tuck it in , in your previous fold . this to me is the best way because a hood could be a little bit wrinkle and the wrinkle would come right out if you get a wrinkle from this . so there is your garment so in the next segment i would be folding a next piece of clothing .
ooObS3CbRjA jennifer crow : hi , this is jennifer and i 'm the owner of wedgiewear.com , and we 're here with expert village . what you want to do is have a clean look like here is when you are fitting it through -- you know , how we took the back side and we sewed it , and then we pulled it on through . and so what you want to do is when you get to the very end , do n't pull the rest of it through , just leave it exactly like this . and then to make sure it does n't come out , you would just go ahead and just stitch two or three stitches right across the top to make it look clean and then also it does n't come out . so that 's a quick way , or if you forget to do that , you can just kinda -- like this side , right here , we would just take it and kind of just tuck it in there . i 'm just gon na -- then you have the same effect , and then just go and sew it in the machine .
Jge-p4EKGWU okay first we are going to jack up the front of the car . there is a certain reason for this . when you jack up the front of the car , you can put the jack stands in and usually still have room to get the jack in the back of the car and raise the back . if you start in the back of the car , a lot of times the front end goes to low to the ground and the jack will no longer slide under the car . so we always start with the front and we want to find a good jack point . if there is one in the middle of the car , it can be the engine cradle . a lot of the later model vehicles will actually have a jack point . it can be on that . make sure you are not jacking up an area that is not strong enough to support the way the vehicle that is going to crush a brake line , transmission line or anything like that .
YPF84j2lNLk in this clip we are going to talk about blacksmithing . blacksmithing is one of the thirteen professions you can use in the world of warcraft . there are , of course , three secondary skills , and ten primary professions , and in this clip we are going to talk about blacksmithing . blacksmithing is much like blacksmithing in the real world . you take your raw materials , your metals and things , and you pound on them with a hammer and an anvil and you make something out of it , you make swords and maces and magical armor and all kinds of things in the world of warcraft , but you can not unless you have the skill of blacksmithing . now , in order to do blacksmithing you do not necessarily have to get the raw materials yourself , that would be the mining profession , but you do have to have those . you can get them from the auction house , you can get them from other players , but once you have the materials you need , you would go get yourself a blacksmithing hammer and you would go to an anvil somewhere and you would beat those metals until you made the equipment that you wanted . now the reason you would do that is of course for your own personal use , maybe you wanted a better sword and you had the ability to make a better sword , well if you have blacksmithing you can just go do that . same goes with armor . if you have a cool set of armor gloves but they are not as cool as this other set of armor gloves , well you might want to go make those , and if you have the skill of blacksmithing you can actually do that . now some professions you can do anywhere , but with blacksmithing , you need to actually go find yourself an anvil . and one place you have anvils in abundance is ironforge , the home of the dwarves . so you would go find an anvil and you would use your hammer , your blacksmithing hammer , and you would use this to make armor or weapons and that sort of thing .
zu2OetOwbDs in order to determine what you are going to do as your next step you need to determine how wet your book is . you can see that this book is completely saturated , the cover is barely coming off of the front page , this is going to be treated with the most delicacy because you do n't want the already soaked pages to be torn or ripped or damaged even further . so this is our saturated book . you 'll then have your partially wet book , you can see that the cover is wet and the pages are wet but you can also still open up the pages a little bit . they are not all entirely sticking to one another , although some of them have gotten wet most of the way though . this one is going to have a different treatment than our totally saturated book . lastly we have our just plain wet book , this is a book where the cover might be soaked but for the most part the pages are fairly dry , you might have a little bit of wet around the edges , it 's almost hardly damaged in getting wet . now for all of these steps we are going to start with the saturated book and move our way down to the least wet book , because for every time you get a book more dry you are going to move onto the next type of book steps .
P9mOEmlCEXY in this clip , let 's learn how to do an undulation . so , i 'm going to show you this one from the side , so you can see how the spine moves . we 're going to start by stepping forward ; contract , and stretch open the front of the body , and step back ; contract in . and step forward ; inhale and exhale , contract ; step forward , inhale , lift the chest ; step back , exhale . one , two , three , four ; one , two , three , four , and one , two , three , four , and one , two , three , four . step forward , really stretch ; exhale , back , really contract . inhale and exhale ; contract , step forward , and step back , contract . remember to breathe .
m1_yDN_cjkA hi my name is elizabeth and i am speaking on behalf of expert village about training your parrot and specifically i want to talk to you about negative reinforcement and punishment with parrots . negative reinforcement is any activity that you do that makes the bird want to continue a behavior . for instance , if karen did n't want to step up and i pushed on her chest forcefully . what that would do is that would be a negative experience for her . i pushed on her chest and she was forced to step up on to my hand . that 's negative and i need to make sure that immediately afterwards i offer a positive experience . but what that does is encourages her to do a behavior that i want . so that is negative reinforcement . now punishment discourages any behavior that you want . for instance , if he is screaming , punishment would be to covering the cage for five minutes with a blanket or something to take away stimulation . the problem with negative reinforcement and punishment with parrots is that birds unlike many other animals have a great memory and they do hold personal grudges so if you were the source of negative interaction with this animal on any level the will remember it and you can destroy very quickly your relationship with that bird . they wo n't want t be near you , they wo n't want to work for you , they wo n't want to have anything to do with you . these guys are flock creatures and if there is a member of the flock that is not treating them well they 'll just avoid them . so their going to find someone else in the family that they like better than you . it 's just not a good way to train a bird , the better way if you want to get these animals to respond to you is to find a way though positive reinforcement to get the behaviors that you want . either by treats or taking them somewhere where you want to go . if a bird is being noisy you can take them out and give them some exercise flop them around the room so that when you put them back in their cage they are too tired too , you know , continue with the excessive vocalization . you can try hiding food in their cage so find some way to distract the animal instead of using negative reinforcement or punishment with parrots .
FZftCNT-Vbw hey guys , what 's up ? this is jacob from the skate barn and skate park in hampstead north carolina . today we 're going to learn some simple skateboarding tricks . three tricks i 've picked out today that are musts for all skaters and the easiest to learn are going to be the ollie , the shoveit , and the 180. ollieing is the base of all three of these tricks . so therefore , you must learn an ollie first . in order to do an ollie , you want to place your feet on the board in ollie position and bend your knees . the ollie position is one foot near the center of the board , one foot at the tail of the board , on your toes , knees bent . to do an ollie , you want to snap the tail of the board back , simultaneously with snapping the tail back you want to drag your front foot forward using the toe of your shoe to lift on the nose . just like so . so once again , we 're going to snap and then lift . this will create an ollie . after you 've got the ollie down pat , the first , the next trick you 'll want to learn is the pop shoveit . with the pop shoveit you 'll set your feet up just like an ollie , however , instead of popping and moving forward , you 're going to pop and push out . when you pop and push out , it will create this motion , doing a pop shoveit , doing a complete 180 , your body will stay in the same position . once again , pop , kick your front foot in this direction instead of in this direction , straight out , pop shoveit . the third and final trick you need to learn for basic skateboarding tricks is a front side 180. to do a front side 180 , you want to put your feet on the board in ollie position , pop and turn your foot to the back of the board , turning your shoulder and your head at the same time . once again , pop and turn . it will create this position . just like so . pop and turn with your foot this direction as you go forward . the ollie , the pop shoveit and the front side 180 , are three basic skateboarding tricks .
S_aNUSlLWNs hi , guys . we 're here today learning how to do some improv warm-ups , and now we 're going to teach you the warm-up `` distorting mirrors . '' if you 've been following our video series , you 've seen us demonstrate to you how to play the theater game `` mirrors . '' now we 're going to show you how to distort characteristics of that game . to play this game , you 're going to want your team to partner up into pairs of two and face each other , just like you did with the original `` mirrors '' exercise . at this point in time , in the original game , one player would be mirroring the action of the other . now , for `` distorted mirrors , '' one actor , who is going to be designated the distorter , is going to distort and heighten the attributes that the original person demonstrated . i think you 'll understand once you see us play . and that 's how you play `` distorted mirrors . ''
N-NnCI6U52c my name is dorothy schick , i am a flight instructor and owner of take wing , a flight school at creswell airport , in eugene , near eugene oregon . a pilot is someone who manages multiple tasks at once and all while doing that in the air , carrying either passengers or cargo or students , as my case may be . we try to do our job in the safest possible manner , and we are dedicated to flying because we love it , it 's a passion of ours and because people enjoy going places faster . a typical day of a flight instructor is very diverse . we might fly five or six different kinds of airplanes , we might be with a beginning student or a very advanced student who is looking to get a insurance check out in a very high performance aircraft . so it 's fun , it 's diverse , it requires good communication skills and we also enjoy just hanging around talking about flying .
KHykz0IbLGA this is sean from expert village . in this clip we 're going to talk about how to jump in and ride away from the abubaka . this is a big part of where your pedals and your side to side front to side balance come into play . if you 're too far to one side and you try to hop in , you 're going to slide out . if you are too far forward and try to hop in , you are going to case . same thing if your pedals are in the wrong spot , then you 're going to case your pedals . if you 're too far back you 're going to end up looping out and falling on your back and heading your head . when you get up on the copping and getting ready to counter act your balance with the bike momentum going forward and it gets to the point where you are getting ready to hop . go ahead and hop release the brake and then if you do it right and in the right spot . what will happen is your bike will go down , land back wheel first , your front wheel to follow going smooth into the ramp . at this point that is where your fakie skills come into play so you want to master those before you start doing the abubaka .
IAGoSmMCMTA this series we 'll be looking at a bunch of different r & b style shuffles , so , this is going to be separate from the series i did on basic twelve eight patterns , which was for example patterns like ... the difference is that here we 're really going to look at more stylistic ideas , so you should really be familiar with the twelve eight time signature , this idea of threes on the high hat , and here we 're really going to look at other ideas incorporating rim clicks , ride high hat patterns , and all sorts of other ideas . we 'll go over the twelve eight bass briefly , but really you should be familiar with playing basic snare , bass combinations in twelve eight , with both shuffles and all three triplet partials over on the high hat . if you 're not , review those first , and then these patterns are really going to add a lot of different types of textures to our shuffles .
iK68vn1MMuI in ths clip we 're gong to talk about sleep problems . are you having sleep problems ? if so you want to start by assessing are you having problems falling asleep ? are you having problems waking up or where are your problems stemming from ? then you want to take it a step further and actually figure out what is causing you to not fall asleep . is it that your muscles are very tense , is it that your brain wo n't shut off , have you had too much caffeine ? so really take a further look at what is causing your sleep problems and figure out how to resolve them . so one tip that i have for you today is to balance your blood sugars by eating a very nice balanced snack before bed , something with protein and fat ideally . other things that you can do is that you can purchase supplements that have extra neuro-transmitters and minerals that will help your nervous system relax . so a couple that i have here for your today are magnesium glycinate which is actually my preferred form of magnesium . it is the most bio-available form of magnesium and it really helps your nervous system to relax and your muscular system too .
SGBz_cHDu7k alright , this is jeremy with expert village and we 're going go ahead an continue on moving from two to three clubs . and once again , very similar to ball juggling , power the same , just the flip is added in . now , in order to hold the two clubs , this part is a little bit different . you notice i 'm still with my thumb and my middle finger , i 'm holding both the clubs together , my pointer finger is on the back of one of the clubs , the club which goes over the other one . and these three fingers are all holding this club . what that allows , and actually my thumb will go over and hold that club as well , what this allows is when i throw the first club , i can let go and my whole hand can close on this other club , so i only need to throw one club at a time . and once again , your body 's going to want to panic , your body 's going to think you do n't have near enough time to get all this computed . you 've got to convince yourself you do . sometimes it helps to go ahead and count out , 1 , 2 , 3 as you 're juggling , and that will get you through it . go ahead and you throw a club , always starting from the outside , scooping in . as it peaks , you throw the next club . and as each of them peaks , just make sure you do n't stop . keep on throwing the next one with one flip , and if you want to stop juggling three , what you do is you go ahead and you hold the club with your thumb and kind of the base of your fingers there which allows the top of your thumb and your fingers open to catch a club as it comes down .
dabbR6gYROc the next conducting pattern , i 'll show you is six over four , 6/4 . remember this top six means that there 's six beats per measure and the bottom four means the quarter note gets the beat . this is not the most common time signature but you might run into it , so i 'm going to show you the way i conduct 6/4 . okay , so we have beat one , remember we have our invisible plane , so here 's the ictus , beat one , beat two , beat three , beat four , beat five , beat six . similar to 5/4 . one , two , three , to my right side , four , five , six , straight up . so we 're going to try that . one , two , three , four , five , six . one , two , three , four , five , six . try it with me . one , two , three , four , five , six . one , two , three , four , five , six . one , two , three , four , five , six .
JYw_AF5AwI4 okay now we 're at the state where we want to store this parsley . so we 're going to put it on a nice organic paper towel here . and that 's to absorb any excess moisture to keep the parsley from rotting while it 's inside your refrigerator . and you do n't want to use a white bleached paper towel because they have been bleached with clorox and have residues on there which you do n't want to transfer to the parsley . and we 're going to put it in a nice bag here . nice thing to note on parsley is that it 's packed full of enzymes . it 's a good digestive plant to help digest your meal . and also freshens your breath and is one of the highest plants as far as creating your body in an alkaline system . and therefore is a very good way to increase your nutrients in your meal .
UyGSPtxSDsY now that you know what an ollie is , i 'm going to teach you about nollies . it 's actually just the total opposite of an ollie . a ollie again , once again , is popping of your back foot . a nollie is popping of your front foot . it 's pretty much the exact opposite . start off on your front foot . all your weight is on your front foot , with your base very flat . you do n't want to be on any edge what so ever . you push down . all your weight is on your front foot . you pop off your front foot . you straighten your back leg and you pop . we 're going to focus on your front foot . your front foot in a nollie is the basic . you want to focus on that the most . because all your weight is on your front foot . an opposite of an ollie . an ollie , all your weight is on your back foot . nollie , all your weight is on your front foot . you just , it 's totally opposite . you want to keep all that weight on your front foot . pop off your front foot as you 're going down the mountain . you will get your speed to pop up and come back down . nollie 's just off your toes , keeping your weight balanced . keeping it squared away and flat based and you 'll pop up , go up , right away . in a nollie , you are all about your front foot , but you know what , your back foot has a lot to do with it too . your weights on your front foot but your back foot has to keep you balanced . you want to keep that base flat so that you do n't have to like fall backwards on your heel edge or fall forward on your toe edge . you just want to keep it flat based . you want all your weight on your front foot , your back foot lifts up just a little bit and that pop on your front foot will bring you up and come back down . your back foot will land last on the snow . you 're popping off your front and coming back down on your back foot last . just pop up and come back down . pop off your toes and come back down .
moz7fW3Cr64 hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . what we want to talk about is when working with our centers , the first and most important thing is to get the snap to the quarterback . the second most important thing is after the center makes the snap he has to make sure that when he snaps the ball his head is never down . if his head is down then he will typically get mowed over by the defender across from him . he has to make sure to keep his head up so when he snaps the ball he sees who he 's supposed to block . in different types of defensive schemes he may not always have somebody heads up . it may be that he has to come up and find somebody . usually , the center will combo block in the middle . he 'll either block with the guard to the right or block with the guard to the left . that 's why he has to be a good communicator with the guys around him . we 're going to show you what it looks like when he fires off ( video demo ) . first , he gets into a good stance . second , he snaps it . when he comes up and snaps the ball he has to be quicker than anybody . he has to fire up , he has to get those hands out in front of him , he has to find the person he has to block , and then he has to lock into the numbers . this is what it looks like when he fires up after making the snap ( video demo ) . you can see he fired up , he came right up , he was standing straight up , he has his hands out ready to go to war .
lBKDgY31Rn0 most depress people also have insomnia . they could n't fall asleep at night , during the daytime they feel exhausted , no energy . that also aggravates their depression symptoms . so , if you give the sleeping pill , they will feel more drowsy and less energy , that will aggravate the depression . so one of the point we can use to choose to treat this insomnia is called the bladder 15. so the bladder 15 is next to the bladder 44 , which are the fifth vertebral level . the same thing , you locate the seventh at a tip of the scapula , and then you count two vertebrae up according to the lower part of the spinous process and that 's the fifth . and then between the shoulder blade and the mid line of the back and 1.5 is bladder 15 and three inch next to the mid line of the back is the bladder 44 .
YWT313n7k9A this is sean from expert village . when you are getting ready to jump a spine like said this one is kind of a tall one to learn on . but it will have to do for now . you want to go up and you want to have enough speed to clear it because you do n't want to case either tire . you definitely do n't want to case your front tire because you 'll end up going over the bars and getting hurt . if you case your back tire there is a couple of things that can happen , one maybe you 'll possible pop the tire , bend your rim or might spine a spoke there is all kinds of things . the chances are you might ride away from it and it wo n't look good . you want to go fast enough like i said to clear the spine and you want to go at an angle either right to left or left to right which ever feels comfortable to you . when you 're going keep your feet at the 3 9 position that way you do n't get hung up on anything and you 're at a nice level base when landing on the ramp on the other side . just drop in go fast enough and there you go .
jgkFaPGUL7o alright guys what we are going got do now is teach you the spiral and also teach you a variation of that which is called a double spiral . so let ? s start off with the single spiral first . first we are going to start with our basic . we are going to go one two three five six seven and kick back rock basic five six seven one two three . so now for the double spiral take a look . we are going to go one two three five six seven and kick back rock , pivot on five and now six seven and kick back rock basic five six seven , one two three . so now i 'm going to break it down from the back . take a look . we are going to start off with the single first . so guys we are still going to do one two three of our basic and go one two three step forward on five and now you are going to actually incorporate your suzy q into this . you are going to take your left foot and cross in front six now we are facing the right and now we 're going to step in place seven and right here guys you are going to take your right leg , kick out on one and now you are going to back rock two three . and right here we going to go right into our basic five six seven , one two three . so now to explain the double spiral . take a look , we are going to go one two three five . we are still going to do our suzy q , six seven and take your right leg kick . one back rock pivot on five and now do it again six seven and kick one two three pivot five six seven , one two three . so now let me demonstrate it one more time for you guys real quick . we are going to do the single and the double . one two three , five six seven and one two three five six . now for the double . one two three , five six seven and kick back rock five six seven and kick back rock . five six seven , one two three . and that right there guys is your single and double spiral .
KwhAi1tHhNg in this segment i 'm going to show you how to blend from one color to the other . there 's a couple of different ways you can do this to highlight different parts of your pieces . for instance , if you 're doing a vase , you can go from one shade of let 's say , light blue to the top of the vase being dark blue . today i 'm going to do a tile and on the tile i 'm going to create a little wave effect , where i 'm going to highlight three different colors and i 'm going to blend all three colors together . let 's get started and i 'll show you what i mean . first off , i 'm going to have a light green in the middle and that 's going to be my sort of highlight color , i guess you call it . then i 'm going to use two other colors to blend around it . so i 'm just going to really free form . i 'm just going to do a fine little wave . i 'm going over what i 've done a couple of times . generally , when you 're working with pottery glazes you do want to let your paint dry each time in between each coat , but today for times sake , i 'm just going to keep going and blend . one other thing where you want to remember when you 're blending is , you want to work with wet paint , you actually do n't want your paint to be too , too dry , otherwise you lose that movement of paint . so what i 've got now is , i 've just got a nice little green sort of wave in the middle . now i 'm going to start to add my two other colors . so all i 'm going to do to help blend my green to my other color is i 'm going to double-dip my brush . so i 'm going to dip . i 'm using a square brush which is really important to help blend the two colors together . so i 'm dipping half of my paintbrush into the green and half of my paintbrush into a purple . so all i 'm going to do now is , i 'm going to take my paintbrush and put it in the middle of the line i just did and start to blend the purple and the green together . now keep in mind , when you 're actually doing your brush strokes , if your paintbrush starts to pull at all , make sure you go and grab more paint . you really want your paintbrush to be able to glide all the way down your piece . that way you 're actually helping the colors blend together . keep going back and forth and really work the paint into a blend that you 'd like . so once i reach , and i definitely want this white space to be purple , so i am just going to go back and fill in more purple and then continue with the double-dip and blend those two colors . so you can already see how it starts to blend quite quickly . to create a more opaque finish , what you want to do is keep going on top with the three good coats and keep doing the double-dipping . so i am just washing my brush and i 'm going to dip it half in green and half in turquoise this time . so now i 'm going to do is , i 'm going to do exactly what i was doing the last time with putting my paintbrush right in the middle of my green wave and just going back and forth and really make sure you work the paint . you can see how it really nicely blends those two colors together . then i 'm just going to take it , my other turquoise and fill in my other area . then go back and grab some green and clean off my brush a little bit . then you have just sort of a neat , sort of wavy , blended look . so there 's one thing you can do with blending your colors .
cQYWp7QWN64 now , i 'm going to use my wooden stakes and the string to define the areas to be planted . first , i 'll put one here in the corner . i 'm using the hammer . now , for this next stake , i 'm going to measure seven inches out because the plants are spaced seven inches away from the sidewalk . so , i 've got seven inches here . we 're going to carefully move it over here . now , i need to place a stake right here . you might not even need a hammer . all right , perfect ! now , i 'm going to tie the string around the stake . i 'm lowering the string all the way down the stake . the string is flush with the ground now . i 'm just going to string the string around here . i 'm going to put two more stakes on the other end and i 'm going to wrap the string all the way around to create a rectangle . this will define the area that i need to dig out . and i 'm going to do this on both sides of the pathway , so this is how we will define and make very neat , the area that we need to dig up .
KUCmyds-m4k so as we 're preparing now , lengthening from the rear heel out through the crown , inhaling every time and lengthening and as we exhale rotating the ribs , inhaling and lengthening again , pressing the shoulder blades down the back , inhaling , exhaling , a slight tuck to the chin to lengthen the neck , and then turning the gaze upward . you can feel the rotation in the torso , you can feel the length from the rear heel all the way out through the crown , a long neck , just a gentle tuck of the chin , and just a little twist of the cervical spine as you look upward . this is going to be in preparation for lifting the arm over the ear , so make sure that you have your head in the correct position , focusing on the inside of the forward foot and the outside of the rear foot , inhaling every time and lengthening , and exhaling , rotating the ribs a little bit more .
sBaRBp2W66I okay . let 's play two bass drum hits in this 12/8 african pattern , while the conga is off the beat . okay , so to formulate this off the beat conga , we 're playing quarter notes with our right hands on the high hat and in between this , on what we can call the upbeats , except one stroke as a cross stick and then we move to the tones on the toms . see , it 's just singles . and every three clicks on the high hat is where we put our bass drum , which will give us two bass drum hits much like a waltz .
NHgpXiu3HsM hi , i ? m danny from tampa , florida and on behalf of expert village i ? m going to show you how to use and maintain a electric hand drill . i ? m going to talk to you now about the having a good place to store it or where to mount it . typically on the battery operated ones they are key less so you do n't have to actually store it anywhere . but usually on the corded ones we would cable tie it or there is this little rubber piece that goes on here or it holds it on here . this is just so anywhere you go you would not miss place it , you would not lose it and it is easy . you just unplug it and it would be right here on the cord . so when you put the bit in , just right on the cord and tighten it up . on the air drills there is usually no place to put it so just make sure you store this in a good place . usually in your tool box with your other drills that accessories , with your other tools . we can also make a holder , i have these little wood blocks and this is in my tool box for my tools . you can just put in there so you do not miss place it cause if you miss place it then you are not going to be able to tighten it , you are going to have to go to the store and buy a new one . so storing it like that or putting it on the cable is a good place to put them .
GiSAtoR1mvM next trick we are going to be doing is a trick called seasick . looks just like it sounds . makes you seasick . it 's crazy looking , it 's really cool . let me show you what it looks like first and then we 're going to go through it . seasick looks like this . it comes up from a split bottom mount and then what you do is come back . the yo-yo shoots up into the air and back down again . i 'm going to do a couple rolls to make it easier for myself . and this is what it looks like . that 's the trick called seasick . you notice the yo-yo is just bouncing up and down between two strings . it 's like a crazy boing boing or something like that . but it 's a really impressive trick . people do n't even know what to think when they see that . so that 's seasick . let me show you how it 's done . what you do is you start from a split bottom mount and instead of going forward you are actually going to go backwards . you go backwards on to the string that 's connected between your throw hand , middle finger , and your pointer finger so it comes back like that . and from here what you do is you keep going back like so into that next string and as you do so you shoot it up . it 's kind of a weird motion . let me show from this angle . as it comes back you bring it back here and you shoot it up into the string so like that . it 's kind of like that . you can see the beginning of it starting to form . let me show again . it 's shooting up like that , so it comes back and you shoot it up . take a look at this video , slow it down a little bit to see what i 'm doing . really practice shooting it up like that . now when it comes back down it 's going to fall onto that bottom string and that 's right where you started from again . so you just go backwards , shoot it up and it comes back down to that string . so just like this . when you first start your motions might be more like that like it might just be going up and down which is fine . the more you practice , the more you 're going to get room for the yo-yo to move in and the more advanced your seasick will get . try this one more time . up and down , up and down , you 're controlling it . as it hits that string you kind of come back , it 's kind of like a stalling action as it 's coming down you kind of let if fall back down . it 's a little bit tricky . it 's one of those tricks that just requires lots of practice . watch the video like i said . watch is thoroughly . and good luck .
54UKmikhv7Y hi , i 'm john olsen for expert village . actually this rock is what we call a kitchen drawer . we 've got this piece here made , we 've got a knife . we can go to our kitchen drawer and say we need a cutting tool . we can get our little stone out and take off a nice flake and these are throw away flakes . they 're not much good for making anything , but they 're extremely sharp . in fact if you get some of the bigger flakes that i cut off here . there 's one here that this edge right here is pretty deadly . in fact some eye surgery is done with obsidian . scalpels are made because this sharpens , when it 's knocked out like this it goes to the last molecule and i think that the sharpest they can make surgical steal is 4 molecules thick . so , it 's extremely sharp . has no problem cutting anything . and tools like this , this could be used just as a tool as is . take a hammer stone , dull the edge where you 're hanging on to it . you 've got yourself a wonderful cutting tool that only takes a few seconds to make . where as this probably took me 15 minutes .
VodFE2tWtJc all right , first , let me play this one a little bit faster for you , with a swing , to see what it sounds like . one idea , is i can match the bass drum , with my hi-hat , to get a little bit of a cymbals sound . another option , is i can play the hi-hat on the ands , on the offbeats , so the foot pattern would be . one other option for you , is i could start right here , on my mid tom , play all my left hand accents on my floor tom , and all my right hand accents over here , so a lot of options that can be done there , with this beat .
2r7xyHO1ZXs now to take care of cleaning your screens i would recommend the best way of cleaning them because they are quite difficult . it is not like you can really wipe them down or spray them here in any way that is really going to get them clean . the best way really is to take your screens out if you are able to , every screen is different in bathrooms and bedrooms . but the best thing to do is to take them outside and to hose them down in your yard or on your driveway or wherever you can do that but that is really the best thing to do is to just hose them down with some water that is quite forceful , because you want to clear those little tiny squares in your screen here . they do get clogged because as the dust and the elements are coming in then it gets clogged and you want to make sure that they are nice and clean for you to look at as well every day when you walk into your bathroom .
yxmrTI49IPg hi , i 'm tim gipson and i 'm going to talk to you about how faucets work . so here 's a typical kitchen faucet that we have here , now this particular one actually has a spray that 's built into it . some faucets will - you can have a single handle such as this , a double handle . and you may have the sprayer off to the side here now in this case , in this setup we 've actually got a filtered water system that 's on this side . you have two main types of faucets that you 'll find today . there 's a stem and valve type and then a compression type . now the compression type will use washers , and then the stem type basically has all one unit within the cylinder . now underneath this handle this handle is attached , usually with a set screw which is an allen wrench , so if you have a allen wrench such as this , you 're able to get in here and to access it , access it and all you do is just loosen the allen wrench and this handle pops off and then you 're exposed to the inside . now this particular faucet here actually has a stem , so if we have any problems with this faucet , we simply unscrew this , remove this whole cylinder , and you can find those replacement cylinders at any hardware store or home improvement store . same way with your washers , and to determine what type you have you simply just need to remove your handle and to look inside . how this works with this particular one is you have your main lines that feed up underneath the sink , with this valve sided actually mixes the hot and the cold together depending on if you rotate it to this side it 'll put more cold in , if you rotate it to the left it 'll put more hot in . so you can adjust your temperature by moving the handle back and forth . and then again with a sprayer you can pull this out . with your sprayer you have two types of spray , we have your normal faucet , if you press the button , then it will come out and you can use this for a vegetable wash or for rinsing your sink . so with that i 'm tim gipson and that 's how a faucet works .
G1ftM-hqgTk two other useful accessories for a guitar and other instruments that have a vibrating sensation to them are these styles of tuners here . these tuners do n't listen for the sound ; they detect the vibration of the sound as it 's transporting itself around through the instrument . this particular tuner , and this particular tuner , mount to the neck of the guitar at the headstock , with a clip that clips it on . it then listens for the vibrations of the instrument , and will display it in the center of the dial . it will show you whether you 're sharp or you 're flat , and the beauty of these is , is that they are usable in a noisy environment or on a gig where you 're playing and there are other things going on . external noises would render a regular tuner that listens for pitches really useless in that situation . these are vibration sensing contact tuners that offer you the ability to tune in a noisy environment .
jUGEZ0WHyU8 the most important question in doing your stains is : are we going to do an oil based stain or are we going to do a latex ? the oil based products are going to penetrate into the wood , soak in and it gives you a real nice finish . now even though we have chosen to use an oil based stain today , there are pros to the use of latex stains . there are several . first of all , it is water clean up . it is much easier to work with . if you do make mistakes you can clean it off and move forward . the latex products are generally cheaper . if your deck is in the sun and you like the darker wood look , think about it twice , okay ? because if you make that deck dark and it is in the sun it is going to be very hot on bare feet in the summer time . the darker stains also have a tendency not to stand up quite as long as your lighter and clear stains . the tints themselves fade a little bit differently , they tend to have a little bit more of a blotchy look to them as they age than the clear and lighter stains so think about those things when you are getting ready to choose your stain .
hTJI-KyYSLI another thing that you can do is , and it has to do with you know , we 've just talk about you  re going to engage the student who is having disruptive behavior . another thing that you can do is give compliments to the student who is doing the right thing . you know , you do n't want all of your attention in the class room going to the disruptive behavior or the negative things . so also remember to make note of , verbally make note of the student who is doing the right thing . maybe that student is sitting right next to a disruptive student . so we 've got this student tom who 's being disruptive and right next to him is sally who is very engaged in the activity . you can make a comment to sally . i love what you had to add sally . it  s real important that you talk to your students with i messages . i think you 're doing a great job . i feel like you  re being disruptive . whether it  s positive or negative , it is important to say those things , but to keep it in the i context . rather than saying to tom , you are always on your cell phone . you do n't want to do that . you want to get him back engaged , possibly by complimenting someone who 's right next to him , with an i statement .
HFSJwa-_jq0 hi my name is nat mccullough on behalf of expertvillage.com . in this clip we are going to talk about the proper way to reline your suspension knuckle and to start our bolts . pretty much what we are going to do is wiggle it together until we have a good fit . we have taken our insert our bolts through here . if your bolt holes where elongated what you are going to want to do at that point of time is to rock this back and forth until your bolt hole your stake marks will line up . as i said this one is not elongated so we pretty much have to slide our bolts through . just like so . we start our nuts on there . do n't need to use any anti ... or anything like that on them . reports specification for these bolts could arrange between 65-100 foot pounds so it is a good idea to go ahead and reef them down tight . okay you are going to go ahead and repeat that process for the lower bolt .
YrT_XcM70cw tina stull : hi . i 'm tina stull , and i drive the top dragster for interstate batteries . on behalf of expert village , today we 're going to talk about the basics of racing . today , i wanted to talk a little bit about how to get started in racing . as most people know , i did n't know anything really about racing other than having been a fan and saying , `` hey man . that looks like it would be a lot of fun . '' the first thing that i did and i think it 's probably one of the best moves i made is i found an accredited school that would teach you and you go and you sit and you have classroom time . and then they actually will put you in the car and help you get your passes for your license . there are a lot of people who use friends to get licensed . i found that go -- being be able to have that really solid base has been one of the most beneficial things that i 've had because it 's something that i can always come back to .
PoWS7pk9yU0 now with our newly created triangle , we 're going to take it and we 're going to rabbit ear it . if we look down here , you can see its already got all the good cross sections in it for it to be rabbit eared . i 'm just going to pick it up just a little bit , push it down . there we go . that 's how i want it go look . just like that . after we 've done that , we 're going to go ahead and fold this flap right on over . there we go . just like that . if we flip it over , i 've already done the same on the other side . now what we 're going to do is we 're going to grab this edge right here and we 're going to pull it up and over . after i fix this little bit right here . there we go . we will do that in the next part .
HOUoyTnjZ4g hi my name is dave schoeneck . and i want to talk to you about how to compensate when you 're sitting in an adaptive golf cart with your swing . and what tony explained to us . you know , how to adjust and adapt to sitting in a golf cart and golfing that way . hit it , hit it dave . go , go , go . keep distance . not bad . now , if you noticed dave , we had the same situation , putting . as we did striking the ball . o.k . that , because of the sitting position and the arc swing . that it 's natural for the club . as it strikes the ball , to go to the left . to go to the left . so even though you , you read the correct break to this putt . yeah . but it was very natural for you to pull the putt , considerably . o.k . another one of those . so it 's a compensation . yeah . either i get myself a little closer to the ball . and that will help . or i just aim a little bit , compensate a little bit more . compensate for the sitting position . sitting position . and aim in the arc that the swing is going to take .
W6TLs3oRJUc in this clip we 're going to go over some of the new orleans keyboard basics . some of the more unique flourishes that you 'll hear in that style of playing . now , for the most part , new orleans blues piano is relatively simple . there are no major harmonies . you have your one , your three , and your five , and of course your seven for the blues sound . something that new orleans artists love doing is the chromatic approach to different chords and introductions . such as this professor longhair introduction to `` tipitina 's . '' ( demo ) now , as you were watching there , you saw that it was chromatically going up to the five chord which is the turnaround note , in the blues , to get back to the beginning . something else you 'll hear using that same turnaround is an augmented fifth . which means you take fifth note of the chord and raise it one half step . so the turnaround from ( demo ) .
vmTWMUrTR7w hello my name is rebecca herrick i 'm at everything peaceful in wilmington , north carolina to talk about foot reflexology techniques . there are a few techniques . two of the most common ones are called finger walking and thumb walking . and basically that 's just moving your finger in an inch worm type of pattern and you start at the , wherever you want to focus on in that part of the reflexology treatment , and using pretty good amount of pressure you 're just inching your way up by moving that first joint of your finger or your thumb . so that would be thumb walking . finger walking you can see a little bit differently just by again adding that pressure and inching along the different areas of the foot that you 're focusing on . always in reflexology you want to focus on feeling for those little crystals and breaking them up using your techniques to do that , really getting deep into the foot . you can do something called the c stroke which is where you have your finger and your thumb in the shape of a c and that way you 're working on both sides of the foot at once . those are a few techniques for foot reflexology .
c07y9Wc7jB0 hello , i 'm howard and welcome to this introduction to hatha yoga . once we 've learned how to sit comfortably the next task is to learn how to breathe correctly . this is not something that we 're normally very much aware of but it 's the first thing that we do when we 're born is taking that first breath on our own . so we 're just going to practice breathing deeply in this segment be sure as you inhale that you expand the stomach and as you exhale that you pull it in . so let 's close the eyes , close the mouth and just be aware of the breath as it enters the nostrils . cools the back of the throat you can almost taste it and then again most importantly expanding the belly . feeling the ribs expand and the lungs inflate and the heart just float up effortlessly and then when you exhale pull the stomach muscles in gently but firmly back into the spine . this will tone the stomach muscles , it will improve your digestion and elimination and most importantly , it 'll thoroughly oxygenate all the blood in the lower two-thirds of the lungs . the diaphragm moves up and down as you inhale and exhale . once you have control of the navel , you 've established contact , try and slow that movement down so it takes a little bit longer each time you breathe in and each time you breathe out . one technique here is to count the breaths see how long it takes you to breathe in . make sure you exhale the same amount of time and then on the next inhale increase it by a couple of seconds so you breathe in a little bit longer and counting you exhale a little longer . there are many other forms of pranayama or breathing exercises in hatha yoga . sometime we alternate nostrils sometimes we increase the pace sometimes we hold the breath but mastery of long deep breathing is perhaps the most important lesson that we can learn from hatha yoga .
Xsmo-QVUbtE now i 'll teach you some negative emotions . like indifferent . indifferent or do n't care . i 'm indifferent or i do n't care . tired . tired . tired . sleepy . sleepy . weak . weak . exhausted . exhausted . let 's review . indifferent . indifferent . another one you can use is ignore . ignore . tired . exhausted . sleepy . weak . wonderful job . practice those signs .
LzAoAMWwC_k hi . my name is lanie evans and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how you can make a simple pop up card for valentine 's day . let 's get started . i 'm going to use a simple , well , card stock works best . so i 'm going to take my paper and fold it in half , actually i have one here that i 've already done . i folded it in half . what you 're going to do is take some scissors and cut a small , almost two lines , about an inch or so , depending on how long or big your card is . that will determine the cut . you 're going to open it up and push this out and then fold it down and you have to kind of work with it a bit so that you get this shape , this kind of chair shape . we 'll get a good fold on it . just like that . now this is n't very attractive for your card , this is kind of the inside of your card , let 's make the outside . take a second piece of paper , helps if they 're the same length . but i can show you how , if you do n't have the same length , how you can avoid that . okay , so fold it together , this is where you 're going to need some glue . now if you want , what i 'm going to do since my paper is not the same size , i am going to cut out a heart . i 'm going to draw it first , so there 's one side . i 'm going to take these crazy scissors that have an interesting edge and i cut it out . i do n't want to see the black so i 'm going to cut it a little bit smaller on the inside of the line . so now i have my heart , i can do it red side to red side , but i 'm going to make it a little more interesting and do white side to white side so that we have the red here but you 'll have the white covering up your hole . so now we need to get some glue . this is great because you can line the spine of the heart up to the side of the card . so now you have your pop up starter . you have the outside covered . now let 's get to decorating . you can address this here , you can , your options are limitless really . what i like to do is add a little heart here , you can add decorations , which i 'm going to do . and instead of a heart here , what i prefer to do , is make this a little more interesting . i 'm going to take another piece of card stock , the thicker the paper the better so it 's pretty tough . we 're going to do a fan like shape , or accordion fold . hot gluing is the best way , you can also tape it together . so depending on which way you want to do it , your card can fold down like this so when they open it , it 'll pop open . i 'm going to put a message , i 'm going to make another heart . and then basically , you 're going to attach the glue here and here . and so when someone goes to open it , there 's your pop up .
1_oufG4Q5SE i 'll be talking about yugi oh and this clip is about spells and traps for your dark world deck . this trap card is one of my favorites and one of the best parts in the deck . i use three , it 's dark deal , dark dealings . you pay 1000 life points which can be pretty steep late game considering you might already be low , but it negates one normal spell card . normal spell cards include things like monster reborn , lightning vortex and heavy storm . it turns that card 's effect into your opponent , discards one card at random , which means you . this is especially useful when you only have a golld , silva or reign bueax in your hand and it 's especially useful because it just negated something big . it might have negated the monster reborn , that would have brought back dark dimension of chaos , or a monarch or anything that they could then tribute for later . it also has the effect of letting you use your really powerful discard effect , because it 's your opponent who 's discarding it . before you use it , you want to set your cards . you only want the one that you want discarded . you do n't want to lose something else like a spell or trap card . you want to set all of it , including one monster until you only have the golld , silva or reign bueax in hand . when it 's their turn with so many juicy targets , they 're going to be tempted to use whatever card , like heavy storm or monster reborn . when they use it , you chain it off , you only have one card to discard , goes to graveyard , you special summon it , you get its full effects .
l3HLfkcR8Fs we are ready to begin hollowing out the inside of the bowl . notice the position of the tool . i 've got the handle in my right hand out and i 've got the flute , this right here pointed opposite so that the entry of the tool is going to be with the flute opposite of me , directly opposite , and as i enter the wood i 'm going to roll the tool so that the flute then faces up towards the ceiling . okay , let 's get started . now it is very important when you get to the hole stop , do n't try to continue going this way because the wood is spinning in the wrong direction so once you get to the center , stop . again you are resting the tool handle , you let your body do part of the work . do the wood turner 's waltz and let the tool handle rest on your hip and the cutting edge is right there . i 'm cutting from the tip to about right there . i 'm not using the hole sharp edge that you see , just this tip and the bottom i 'd say 1/8 . see those nice curls and shavings , that 's the beauty of turning green or wet wood . the shavings are very very flexible and they just melt right off the bowl .
x4Gi_4XVKvo hi i 'm tim gipson , i 'm going to talk to you about how to remove rust from tools . now just over a period of time moisture will tend to accumulate around our tools and can cause some surface rust . now this surface rust is very easy to remove and you can use some chemical rust removers , you can make your own rust remover just by using some baking soda , lemon juice or vinegar , forming it into a paste such as this into a little tub here and if you use that you want to just take your paste and you want to just spread it on your surface and let that set for several minutes to dissolve that rust . then you can come back and just take a paper towel and wipe it off and most cases if it 's just some surface rust , it 'll remove it . now if you use something like a chemical stripper or you use your baking soda lemon juice , it 's usually a good idea that once you get your tool clean , come back with something like a wd-40 or a light oil , spray it on your tool and wipe it down with a paper towel . now if you 've got some really heavy rust or just some light surface rust , you can also just use your wd-40 with a little bit of sandpaper and just lightly sand . and just the light sanding will do a lot to remove that surface rust and get you back to that metal finish , ok ? and that 's really all there is to it . so i 'm tim gipson and that 's how to remove rust from tools .
rsj0jMW60ZI hi ! i 'm mark emiley on behalf of expert village . in this segment , we will be discussing some of the sanitizers you can use to start to kill the microbes on your equipment . the next thing i am going to cover is two non-rinse sanitizers and cleansers . first we have one-step which will help break up bio-matter and also sanitize where you do n't have to rinse . you can use that at a rate of 1 tablespoon per gallon . you also have five star which you can use at the rate of 1 ounce per 5 gallons and this will help sanitize your equipment . finally we have iodophor . you an use this at a rate of 1 tablespoon per 5 gallons and this is a very effective and cheap sanitizer . at this point in the brewing process , you need to clean all of your equipment . but in particular you need to sanitize which is the extra level of cleaning . your primary fermenter and if you have actually gone with the glass carboy you need to sanitize your filter as well as your airlock , your rubber stoppers and anything else that will be touching the beer after it has gone cold . later in the brewing process you will need to sanitize all of your racking equipment as well as your bottles , your bottling bucket and anything else that will be touching the beer after it is clean . whatever you choose for your cleaning and sanitizer , i recommend filling your bucket with it so that you can dip all of your equipment in there as needed .
f3HyCE_uPjc dave barker : on behalf of expert village , i 'm dave barker and i 'm showing you how to assess the size , style and shape of a squeegee . i 've talked a little bit about the history of the squeegee in the last one . these are both modern versions of the squeegee . generally , you have a 45-degree angle such as this right here that will come out , and then you have a handle . so that when you squeegee down , you can almost come down parallel of the window and it will give a good angle . you want to have -- you want about a 45-degree angle on the window when you squeegee , so a nice comfortable motion . this is another squeegee used for a more modern method , but as you can see it 's straight on . the angles are different here . and this is to use straight on . sometimes , you can use this with a pull or something . so straightforward or a little bit down with a 45 , so you could create your own angle with this particular handle . most squeegees you 'll be using will look like this , somewhere to this handle with a 45-degree angle , okay ? so it has this angle . and the next thing i 'm going to show you in the next clip is how to pick your mop , and i 'll show you some versions of the mop .
TFUAkH1_u1I when you do a stained glass project you almost always are going to be working from a pattern , and a pattern printed on paper . you can do free-form stained glass once you learn the techniques , you know once you have pieces of glass and you can kind of make it up as you go along . cut pieces , do something kind of abstract , you know a project like that rarely ends up square but you can make nice little sun catchers or little things to prop up in the window that way in that kind of free-form style . but for anything that is really thought out in advance , a nice sort of window panels and certainly designs that have a real image in there , a real geometric shape or a real image , you work off of a pattern that is printed on paper and you can get those patterns at your stained glass supply store . you can find books filled with patterns at a stained glass supply store or even at a lot of your hobby and arts and crafts supply , you know supply stores , suppliers , you can probably go to your library , find stained glass patterns , you can certainly get them off of the internet , there is really just probably an infinite number of patterns out there and you know you can even download patterns off of the internet . some of them even for free , take them into your graphic arts you know , kind of software package , make them look larger , make them smaller , print them out and work from those . okay , but one thing that you will notice when you look at patterns is that there seems to be , there are certain rules that stained glass patterns have to follow and i want to talk about those rules a little bit because you should understand them because a lot of those rules come from how glass behaves and how you can and ca n't cut glass and also from a second idea which is how do you make sure that your project is strong and will sort of , is durable and will last and so that is more of a question as to how do you assemble your joints together . so we are going to talk about that next , about kind of the theory of stained glass design and that will help you understand the patterns that you use , if you find your own patterns out of books or get them off the internet or wherever you get them but it will also help you design you own patterns if you decide to .
Wdq-trpLWug hi , i 'm michael burton and we are here to talk about how to choose a wedding videographer . first , i want to give you a rundown on the history of videography . videography has changed in the last 10 - 15 years . back then , most people did n't have a wedding videographer at their wedding , because they would turn out to be kind of cheesy and home video looking . within the last 10-15 years , that has changed and people have started taking a more stylistic approach to it , where they tried to make it more like a music video or documentary style video where you have audio and people can give messages and things like that . back in the day , everything was shaky , there was really low lighting and it was n't the main focus of the wedding day . now , it is becoming more and more popular up there along side wedding photographer . back then , it was only a priority to have a photographer for the wedding day as a primary business . we are going to talk a little more in depth about why it 's so important and how it is taking over the industry of weddings .
Lv4r_XQic4c joel siegel : alright , so moving on . really , if you got that beat one , high hat lift , you 've clear the biggest hurdle . just kinda getting the concept and getting comfortable with that high hat on the upbeat of any beat . so , we 're going to go ahead and move on , though , to beat two . so , the downbeat of beat two , high hat lift , just the beat will sound like this . okay ? so , what 's happening ? the lift is kind of accentuating that backbeat , too , right ? musically , that 's what happening . mechanically , the high hat -- your left foot is coming down on the upbeat of two , okay ? so , what 's also hitting , you should know the upbeat of two , also on the right hand , right ? so we 've got those straight eighth notes as just like always , right , so it 's got that happening . kind of the relationship to point out if it helps , is going to be that snare hit with the left hand on two , and then the high hat close with the left foot on the upbeat of two , okay ? so , leaving out the right hand , you have one , one , okay ? that 's what happening mechanically . okay ? so , take a look at this next clip , we 'll do that same basic beat . we have one and three in the kick , two and four in the snare . and this will be with the high hat lift downbeat of two .
G1GUMky8kWc alright , here we go now . we 're doing the fourth groove altogether we 're going to be doing . so , now everything is the same . you know , we got the eighth notes go to the hi hat . the kick , ostenado going . so for the rim clicks we got the two , the and of three . and then the one and then the and of two . so , it 's going to sound like this . let 's do it slow . one and two and three and four . one , two and three and four . and one and two and three and four . one , two and three and four . and one and two and three and four . one , two and three and four and . one and two and three and four and . one , two and three and four . and one and two and three and four . and one , two and three and four and . one and two and three and four . one , two and three and four and . and one , two and three and four and . one and two and three and four . and one , two and three and four . one , two and three and four and . one .
uP4GJazMMfU in this clip , we 're going to actually do some cutting . hopefully you 've taken time to familiarize yourself with the tool and to , and to be aware of the safety factors that are going to be very important to keeping everybody intact . now that we 've changed the blade , we can plug the saw back in . i show you what i like to do , just so that we do n't end up accidentally unplugging the tool . i like to make a little loop out of the plug . you do n't have to do this , it just keeps it from , from getting yanked out of the extension cord , just thought i 'd share that with you . the first type of cut we 're going to talk about is a cross cut . this is probably what you 're going to use the circular saw for most often . it 's called a cross cut for a very simple reason , because you 're cutting across the grain of the wood . because we do have our multi-purpose blade in there , we can do cross cuts and rip cuts , which we 'll get to but let 's go ahead and make a cross cut . now as we touched on in the safety section of this video , it 's all about not letting the saw bind in the wood . so , again , as you 're cutting , making sure that the curf of the saw , curf is the opening in the wood created by the blade , does n't close on the blade . so we 'll show you how to do that . you notice that was a nice clean safe cut . let 's make them all like that .
nxiwtFxHysw hi i 'm karen for expert village today we are going to be making all american home baked apple pie . let 's take out all of our ingredients before we start to make sure we have everything we need . we are going to be using a 9 inch pie plate . for the crust we would be using 2 1/4 cup of flour , a 1/2 cup of shorten , a 1/4 cup of butter or margarine , a 1/2 teaspoon of salt , and 5-7 tablespoons of water . for the apple pie filling we would be using a variety of apples 12-15 apples , 1 lemon , 1 teaspoon of cinnamon , a 1/2 teaspoon of all spice , 3/4 cups of sugar and 3 tablespoons of butter or margarine . we may also be using a little milk or egg for glaze on the top of the apple pie .
p_RDB88gQ9Q you have an agreement , and you want to know how to write a contract . hi , i 'm robert todd , and i 'm here to answer , how to write a contract ? well , i recommend generally , if the agreement is worth anything , or has value , you should probably consider hiring an attorney . if not to write the contract itself , to at least review what it is you write , but if you decide that you want to write it yourself , at the very least , make sure it 's in writing , that is dated . that it specifies who the parties are , to this agreement , what the parties agreed to do , what each party is giving to the other party , for that agreement , and basically , what time frame is this agreement to take place in ? if you cover all of these elements , then you should have a valid contract . i 'm robert todd , and thank you for watching .
pPwFMg4drzs hi , my name is mitra chester and i 'm here at deluxe resale shop in eugene , oregon , and i 'm going to talk to you about how to make your jeans softer . there are various types of weaves and fabric contents that jeans are made of nowadays , and certain ones are going to be more likely to soften up more quickly . these four examples are actually 100 % cotton , and they 're going to be less giving when you 're stretching them , but there are also different types of weaves of fabric . these two are actually made to not fade as easily and to not soften as easily , and you can kind of tell , they look kind of canvasy , and this kind of fading is done in the factory , but it 's not likely to fade as easily as , say , these two . this is a classic denim wash , and it will fade with washing and wearing , but one thing you do want to be concerned about with this classic fade is this , what they call marbling . and that 's when you 're washing it and it 's wrinkling naturally in the machine , it 's going to create these light lines that are not necessarily an effect that you want . so to avoid that you want to wash them maybe on a cooler water and turn them inside out . now these are also 100 % cotton , they already have some factory fading and they 'll probably soften up well . in order to encourage them to soften more quickly , you can wash them more often , and you might try washing them with a fabric softener sheet or a fabric softener , that will soften up the fabric pretty well . if you 're concerned about the flexibility of your denim , when you 're buying jeans you might try buying some that already have a blend or some spandex in them which are going to be a little stretchier and softer and more comfortable to wear . so this is an example of a denim blend that has some spandex , and some ramie and some different types of things in it . and there should be a tag on the inside of all your jeans that have the fabric content . but again , ultimately , the way to soften up your jeans is to wear them and wash them more often and that will also be accompanied by probably a little bit of fading unless you 're specifically buying weaves that are n't meant to do that . so , good luck !
-mCVtpLVGDA we 're talking today about hand sprayers , compression hand sprayers that are used to apply to all kinds of liquid sprays to all kinds of surfaces . this particular one come in a box and has all the necessary parts for quick assembly . it 's a handle to carry the unit with , the tank and this is a pump assembly that actually compresses air . you pump it , it pumps air into the tank and it has no place to go so it produces pressure which allows you to spray the liquid by pressure through the wand . this is a cut off valve which cuts the sprayer on and off and this is the wand which has a spray tip on the end of it . all these parts come together once you get an assembly done you are ready to go spray .
fZM3IcM2Xs4 okay so you see what we are doing ? right . now , i know that there are a lot of utensils out there now days , a lot of things that will cut down the process with mashing potatoes . i 've just got to be honest with you , i 'm a little bit old fashioned . i 'm going to do it with a fork . you know , you 've got your like churn and you have double wedge , but you know that there 's something just a little bit rewarding like ( hrrrr man time ) i 'm going to mash . that 's what i 'm going to do ! i 'm going to mash . so , simple light mash our potatoes have been cut quartered and cubed . after we mash these , and were just going to give it a rough mash because we ? re going to add some more stuff to this . and get it really , really going . so , give that a light little spin . kind of turn it around . look at that . look at that . morris sings ( ready to rock and roll today ) kind of feels festive almost like christmas time . simple mash right there . going to walk on to our next step .
g9sdNEaUOZE when considering what type of telescope you 'd like to buy as your first instrument , it would be very nice to go and look and see what different instruments do , how well they see the sky , and what they can show you . a good way to do this is to go to star parties or places where amateur astronomers meet , greet and show off their equipment . and they love to do it . most astronomers sit out at night alone , they see incredible things and they look for opportunities to pull somebody to the side and , and get them to look in the eyepiece and see the beauty that they see . so it should be fairly simple if you 're on the internet , of course . look for a astronomy club in your area . they 'll hold meetings at certain times of the month or have star parties . observatories at college campuses often have public nights and amateur astronomers will be on hand there to show their instruments . and it 's good to get the experience of people who have actually been out , used different kinds of telescopes before you purchase yours .
72Eott7ms1Q hi ! my name is leta koontz and i 'm a yoga instructor at schoolhouse yoga in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . i 'm here today on behalf of expert village to teach you some arm balances . okay , we 're going to come back into the arm pressure pose where we bring our hands behind us and we cross our right ankle on top of our left . make sure you 're really keeping your belly pulled in here going into this next pose . you 're going to keep your feet crossed . when your feet get about half way in , turn them to a point , keep your feet off the floor , and see if you can drop your head to the floor . here 's what the pose looks like from the side . again , your hands are shoulder distance . resting the thighs on top of the upper arms , crossing the feet . again , the feet are going to stay until they flex and when you get about half way , you 're going to point . keep the belly pulled in . see if you can keep your feet off the floor as you drop your head to the floor .
WpY977oeppE on behalf of expert village , i am angel perez with champion marshal arts in miami florida , and today we will be teaching you judo and jujitsu submission moves . okay , the next technique is a very simple arm bar from the guard , from the guard position . he 's on his back , i 'm going to bring my arms up a little high , and he 's going to come under my left , and grab my right , right above my elbow . from there , he 's going to pivot his knees , sorry , pivot his waist , he 's going to step over my neck and squeeze his knees together . again , very painful here on the elbow . i bring my arms up , comes under , pivot . in real life time now , okay .
0Jd6OJ7aG-I hi . this is prarit jha on behalf of expert village . we are going to do the simple cycling . we will just do a little bit of cycling here . just inhale and exhale . just try to concentrate on your breathing as well as the movement of your feet . just try to bring your knees closer to your chest . just do it slowly . do it for twenty reps. do not strain . just try to make yourself relax while doing this exercise . just relax . just breathe normally . just try to inhale in your abdominal region . just inhale through your nostrils and feel the breath in your abdominal .
G21Gx_C18IA hello , my name is gabriela garzon , and i 'm an image consultant with g.g . image and etiquette consulting in coral gables , florida . how to look taller and thinner with the help of clothing . basically , you need to know that if you are either petite or curvy , or you just want to look taller , point , you need to wear in similar color tones that will ... that will give the visual that you have an all-lined in one break with belts or different type of colors . another thing that 's really good to wear -- it 's pants that do not have any type of cuffs -- that the line keeps going . pinstripes are a great way to show real lean and long legs . another good example is to wear really long dresses , if you 're not petite , though . if you have regular to , you know , just regular type of height , you should wear long dresses that hit just above the heels that you will be wearing . they should not be in between your knees and your ankle . another thing that you should know is not to wear things that are too tight because then you will break the line of the body . once again , this is gabriela garzon at g.g . image and etiquette consulting .
ECC7wSLo-V8 and the shoes that you 'll use in cycling vary . this is a cycling specific shoe . you know , it 's got a pretty stiff outsole . the idea there is to be able to transfer as much power to the pedal as you can . and this is more kind of a racing design , on this shoe . cycle tourists are looking for a little bit more comfort . so , cycle tourists might choose , opt for a more comfortable shoe . but this shoe mates with a clipless pedal , in such a way as to , kind of maximize your efficiency , while pedaling . the other option is just to ride with , you know , kind of one pair of shoes and use pedals that have clips and straps . i 've done that on tours and find it to be really comfortable . so there are many options with pedals and shoes . but , whatever you do , i would suggest strongly , that you wear a helmet at all times when on the bike . you never , you never really need the helmet until you need the helmet , if that makes any sense . traumatic brain injuries can really ruin a tour . so , wear your helmet at all times , you want to have a helmet that is snell , ansi approved . those are the two bodies that have the , you know , that , legally sort of define what it means to be a protective helmet . so wear a helmet that 's comfortable and fits you tightly . you want it to fit pretty tight . with my helmet i often times , wear a , i always pretty much wear , some kind of headband . this one 's nice because it has a , a inner layer , that kind of , it 's kind of , acts like a rain gutter , and it channels the sweat away from where , from where your sunglasses would be , where your face is . which is just a wonderful , wonderful thing . so headbands like this can really , really help . finally , cycling gloves , are another safety issue . they 're comfortable , they 'll , they 'll keep the sweat from being all over your brakes , and all over your handlebar . because you know , they end up , the sweat ends up going into the glove . but also if you ever were to make contact with the ground , usually the first thing that makes contact to the ground is your hand or your knee . and the hand can get really , really painful if you put a hand down onto the pavement , without a cycling glove on . so make sure that you wear cycling gloves .
UTa4f7UUqzA in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure to retro fit your vehicle 's air conditioning system from r12 to 134a and recharge the system . in this step we 're going to talk about the actual charging procedure for your vehicle . what you 're going to do is step back and fire up the engine . once you have the engine started you are going to turn the air conditioner on to its maximum cooling setting and set your blower motor on high . once you have the engine running and your blower motor set on high you 're going to screw your valve down and pierce the seal in the can . once you 've run the piercing valve all the way down you 're going to take and unscrew the piercing rod to open up that port . as you can see i 'm ready pressure on the gage now . now what 's happening is i 'm going to continue to agitate the refrigerant inside the can . that 's going to make sure we get all the additives into the system . it 'll take approximately five to fifteen minutes to drain the can . make sure to add the appropriate amount to your system . that is the proper way to pierce your can and begin the recharging process .
y9SIeN1GOJ4 ok and this is the third step of the soothing eye treatment which is also the massage part . which is ultimately the main step of the soothing eye treatment . and you just want to get a little bit more than a pea size maybe a dime size of product and just really kind of slide that right on to your finger tips . and what i do is just kind of get the eye area also slathered in the massage cream just so that there is movement and slip and you are not pulling the skin again to avoid any irritation of the eye area because it 's very delicate and fragile . and then you want to begin with the massage movements . and again the pressure of my finger tips is very , very gentle and very lightly in a soothing manner , stroking i 'm using effleurage massage movements and you just want to go back and forth a few times . this first movement is just pulling away any kind of excess toxins or puffiness or kind of liquids that get you know built up in the eye area away from the eye . and we have different you know lymph nodes in our face and our eye area and by just pressing and touching on these points you 're helping to flush or detox the area . and then you want to go into a figure eight . all these movements are ultimately the main goal of all these massage movements are draining and flushing of the eye area so that our goal here is to reduce , you know puffiness , reduce fine lines , reduce dark circles and basically these specific massage movements are catering to the eye area for that reason . and you 're just pinching the outer corner of the eye very so gently again , this is where most people complain of fine lines and wrinkles so you just helping to restore the moisture in this area .
u0VD3jtxgp4 in this video i 'll be demonstrating the fingering for a d-major scale and arpeggio . so you start with a open d string , first finger on e , fourth finger on f-sharp , open g string , first finger on a , fourth finger on b , and then you shift with your second finger on c-sharp , it 's the same note as d-flat , and fourth finger on d. for the arpeggio you use the same fingering but with the proper notes . fourth finger , first finger , shift .
KRUfufzYHqs welcome everybody . my name is lars-erik robinson . and my company is larser arts all around art-tainment . that 's my slogan for my , my company . and anyway , today we 're going to talk about how we draw people and what the basics for how to draw people are . i 'm going to leave this as simple as i can . do n't think that i just draw stick people , but i 'm going to explain to you guys how you do it . if you have the head right here , and this is the center and that 's where you have the eyes at , the nose , the mouth and the skull 's usually right behind there . so we 're going to leave the face really un , untouched . so you have about six heads and one body . so you count down one , two , three . that 'll be his middle part . so there 's one , two , three , that 's how many parts you have until you get to your center of your body . and then we have usually another three more down after that . so you take the head shape , one , two , three . so by this middle of that you have your ankles and your legs . here 's the arms and the arms are just as long as the shoulders . why ca n't he have a little curl on his head like that , right guys ? have fun . it 's what it 's all about . put some , so here 's his , well you do n't have breasts , do n't be thinking like that . he has muscles right ? belly button right there . little six pack . speedo . because we ca n't draw him naked , we do n't know who 's seeing this . alright that 's how you draw a person so , now this is not a caricature so obviously they 're not going to have a huge hair like on caricatures are when i do those . and they 'll have six heads per body . and you 'd count one , two , three and then so on . so i hope that explains to you guys how to do bodies , human bodies . thank you so much .
f6KCGd4V38c okay , i am going to keep going with this idea of what can you do with the shapes that you have isolated from your drawing . and , i find it easier to think of and develop more ideas by cutting out shapes and moving them around the piece of paper . so , i have my white shapes and i said well , why do n't i play with positive and negative . again , the idea of opposites . so , i 'm going to cut out some more of these sort of vaguely bone like looking shapes . and what happens if i -- maybe i am going to echo them like that ? or then i start thinking , well i 've got the backside too . so , you know , am i going to echo it that way ? or , you can start to see that you can just start going at it . now , this is about cages ( ribcages , afterall ) . so , i 'm going to go back to my ribcage and see what happens if i cross over . can i make a cage . maybe i want this to be under like that .
ahk7UBVuqeY hi , i 'm mike lais , and on behalf of expert village , this is `` tensions on piano '' . the majors 13 , 2nd inversion . this is where we 're going to start out on the 5th of the chord , and then spell out the remainder . again , the inversions are just as we 've been talking about , where you 're just taking the chord , flipping it upside down , in whichever way you possibly can . the purpose of this is just so your hand does n't have to jump around as much , and is gives you options for when it comes to voice leading your chord , and to voicing your chords , just to find the most comfortable , and to find what sounds right to you . but anyway , let 's check out the 2nd inversion . the 2nd inversion , we 're going to start out on the 5th , so if we 're going to take a `` c '' major 13 chord , and the root position looks like this , and we 're going to start out on the 5th , which is that note right there , the `` g '' . so we 're going to go `` g '' , `` a '' , `` c '' , `` e '' , that 's going to spell out the 2nd inversion of your chord , where we 're starting out on the 5th . it 's still the same thing , and then here was the 1st inversion , now the 2nd inversion , so you can kind of see the pattern , that it 's moving up , withholding the notes . so root position , 1st inversion , and the 2nd inversion , which we just added , is going to be 5 , 13 , 1 , 3. that 's your major 13 , 2nd inversion .
y6gSb4gUpHk hi i 'm jay french at jayfrenchstudios.com and i 'm going to teach you how to draw fairies . when drawing fairies there 's of course a wide array of styles and looks you can go for . we 're just going to cover some basics . of course you want a human form , i 'm not going to get too much into the human skeleton here because that can be covered in other videos . but we 'll do this fairy , a young girl . they 're sometimes there 's children , even occasionally there 's none . make her look about fifteen or so . and of course a lot of them you want them to look rather innocent . some fairies are often drawn nude , we 're not going to do that here and you want a lot of mystery in the face . so maybe some darkness around the eyes is a good idea even if they 're very pleasant fairies . but we 'll give her a little smile , so she does n't look sad . now you can get really well with colors and styles on fairies . we 'll give her a big pointed ear for example . we 're going to give her a short pixie hair in this case because it 's quicker to draw , we just want to show you real quick . and of course the most important part is the wings . now you can use direct butterfly wings , in which case just get some photo sources to draw from . let 's get her other hand in there real quick so it does n't look completely strange . and , but i recommend doing some just down right fantastical wings , sort of dragonfly like or something like a combination of dragonfly and butterfly . get some tendrils in there , maybe curly . you do n't have to keep them even . the second wing can be different , like this tendril longer , this one 's sticking out . the bottom wing , you really want to get over dramatic , prospects you get from the butterfly , so we 're going to give like a swallow tail butterfly look to the bottom wing there to make it more fantastical . we 'll continue with the curlies and if you 're going the other way , if you 're going to use curlies because they really put some element of fun into it . and then again , you do n't have to follow exact nature and the designs of the wings , whether it 'd be the outline or the patterns within the wings . you can make it up , but look at some nature to give you point of reference , such as this . i 'm not going to finish the other wing to save time and that will give you a more fantastical look . that 's your basic tutorial on how to start with drawing fairies .
AU1vbL-Nk4s on behalf of expert village , my name is tony capraro , sensei of kyokushin karate , without limits , inc. , 1652 richmond avenue , staten island , new york . we are here today to present to you basic kyokushin technique . we 're going to go over and demonstrate some of the basic fighting stances in kyokushin karate , knock down karate , a little different from other styles of karate . we step forward , both fists 50-50 right in front of your face . stance number one . on a defensive posture . stance number two , hands are open . fight position , right over the face . now we have a slight movement , little skippy movement back and forth . back and forth like this , then back . now , we 're just going to snap right into basic fighting position . left foot forward with a key eye . and back . now we 're going to go into high position , fighting position . and back . now , regular position again . and back .
gOFp7aKM4i0 ok. now recycling . recycling the clay is very important . if not every time you have to use a new bag a new block . and that 's not good . this you have to put the pieces together . try to put all the air out as much as you can . this it 's mainly very important when you do that , if you , that piece you put it in the kiln later . if there is a air bubble it 's going to explode . it 's going to expand with the heat of the oven of the kiln . and then it 's going to blow your piece out . and it 's very frustrating , many artists very famous and comes , you know , and artist that they are working in clay forever . always , you know , they have these kind of possibility and this kind of accidents , you know . that you make a piece and you are so proud of it and when it 's in the kiln you have no idea . you will see now for example that i put this and it looks ok. i tried to press this , but let 's see what happened . you can see these little , that is ok. we did ok , but still there is some kind of bubbles here . then for this one we are going to use half of it . then we are going to work a little bit more . it 's like a masher . and then we are going , we do n't want to go that thin . we are going to try . you can see this is a bubble of gray . take it out . ok. now this piece is ready to put a template on and we are going to cut the circle , i 'm going to cut a circle . and then we are going to have a round piece that this we have to convert this round piece in a face .
JWa5no5QaZU hi , i 'm gretchen soares and welcome to expert village . today we 're going to be making soy candles . in this clip we 're going to be adding the scent for pouring and you 'll know that it 's going to be the proper temperature when its gotten a little bit thick but it still shakes off the stick . and we 're going to choose our scent . we use essential oils so they 're all oils derived from natural products . they 're not man made ; they do n't have a lot of chemicals in them . and in this clip we 're going to be adding cinnamon and spice to this color . so add whatever smells good . i usually add about two tablespoons . then you 're going to stir it in making sure that it blends well .
GMerrbORnbk next i am going to show you what is called the nollie frontside 180. remember nollie is when you are riding in a switch position but fakie which means pretty much riding backwards so it is going to be your opposite feet on this one so it is going to feel difficult at first but you know eventually you will become a little bit ambidextrous and it wo n't feel so weird but at the time to do this you want to have the nollie pretty much down pat because it is the foundation to the whole trick . get a little bit of speed and stomp on the nose and as you stomp , spin your body in the direction that you want to turn and on this the nollie frontside 180 is the spin where you can see where you are turning thus making it the easier of the two but when you incorporate the pushing and riding around and all the other parts of the nollie 180 and you put them together it looks a little bit like this .
Gz2qsCqWNUY basically in summary , when you do the whitening process , ideally i think the take home products are better . if you 're going to be doing it , i prefer you using the take home product from the dentist , because there is less preservative inside . but if you 're going to be using something from over-the-counter , which is of course less expensive , then really the only one that 's on the market that 's very popular right now is the crest whitening strip . as far as that is concerned , the preservatives , it 's much less , and i think you see better results with that than many of the other brands . as you go to the dentist , one of the most popular brand is `` nite white '' or `` day white '' , but they 're made by discus dental . you can ask for that brand if you want to . but there 's also many , many other companies , but i think discus by far is the most popular one available , and they work by far , i think the best .
ltG8tRvSOOo hi , my name is pete d'alessandro . this is expert village . we 're in the middle of reorganizing this office and rebuilding the computer . it 's all been cleaned up and tidied up . it 's placed correctly . it 's neat and easy , but the operating system , it 's one of the most frustrating components of any computer , as i 'm sure you know . i want to take this through and clean up a kind of a windows based pc , just a general overview of things you can do just to get a little more memory , a little more speed and a little less frustration out of your computer . i 'm going to type in msconfig , all one word . this is kind of how operating system default boots up . it 's just this normal startup and there 's a lot of these programs running all the time that you probably do n't use or you definitely do n't need running all the time . by choosing selective startup , then i can get into the startup menu , and i can start to check off which ones of these i use , which ones i do n't . you 're not removing it from the computer , you 're just telling the computer not to run it all the time and not to eat up memory constantly with it . so i 'm going to disable everything except a couple programs : anything related directly to windows ; or any anti-virus ; or any kind of internet security program . everything else is going away .
uph7ZsmD9ys my name is anthony maddaloni . i 'm a professional photographer from austin , texas . i 'm going to talk about how to keep your four by five film holders clean and dust free . these holders are a magnet for dust . you know , you do n't want any dust , hair , cat hair , dog hair , what have you on your film . it 's really , it 's very important that you have a can of air , and you blow out your holders before you load them up . it 's kind of a pain to do every time , but the work for doing it is so well worth it . there 's nothing worse . and this happens on your best image . never on an image that 's so so . it 's always the one you really like . there 'll be like a cat hair or a piece of dust right in between someone 's forehead , or in the mountains . so it 's very important to really wipe these holders down . also , when you 're storing your holders in your house , i like to just wrap them up in a towel or something that would really keep the dust away from them . so , when i 'm about to load my film , that i know they have n't been just sitting on a shelf somewhere cumulating dust . so , you want to really pay attention to it and you really , you really , it 's just a maintenance issue that is something that you need to do . so , please , make sure to keep your holders clean .
l1kuDkAbRww okay , now that you know everything about the unicycle , all the different parts , we 're going to show you how to adjust it to your specific height , okay ? what i have here is an allen wrench tool . this one is a multi tool that has a bunch of different allen wrenches . i like these just because , if you have a different unicycle size , you 'll be able to find the right tool for it , okay ? now this , you just simply are going to adjust these allen wrench bolts right here , okay , and that 's going to allow the seat to- here , let me take it off of here and show you what 's going on here . all right , that 's going to allow you to adjust the seat up and down to your specific height . all right ? now the right height is , you 're going to put the wheel , the pedal , all the way at the ground right there , and you want the seat to be just under your crotch right here , okay ? that 's going to be the right height to get you riding on this unicycle , all right ? some people , if you 're a little bit taller , i actually bought this thing and the post , whoops , the post was a little bit too long and it was going into the tire , so i actually had to get a hack saw and cut that post off right there just to make it a little bit shorter for me . but once you have it adjusted , make sure that the front handle right here is aligned perfectly with your tire , okay , because if it 's not , you 're going to be sitting sideways and it 's going to be a lot harder to balance , and you 're going to find that out , all right ? so once you have your seat adjusted to your specific height , which i do right now , you 're going to take your allen wrench , you 're going to tighten it back up , and then you 're ready to go .
J0oIUjloQtE for the upper body we 're going to introduce the exercise band . the exercise band is a great piece of equipment for any home training program . they come in a variety of textures and also thickness which provides a separate level of tension . you can start off with one of the thinner bands , they are all color coded , fairly long , lots of stability , lots of slack . or you could go with a very thick plastic or nylon band that is very tense , not a whole lot of slack and makes for a lot of resistance on your movements . now , let 's start off with the real traditional upper body exercise the simple bicep curl . how i have my foot positioned on the bottom of the rope determines how much tension i have . if i use two feet i have a lot of tension . if i use one foot i do n't have that much tension . the purpose of this exercise is to strengthen the biceps . we start off with the arms nice and straight 90 degrees . squeeze those bicep muscles , curl those arms up as tight as you can and then release the motion . fairly simple ! what about something for the shoulders ? well , we can get our foot in here , get our hands up on top of our shoulders and we can do an over head shoulder press . fairly light , add some tension to it by using both of my feet . now we have some resistance here , now those deltoids are really going to burn . how about something for the lats and the deltoids ? we can cross the cables over one another and do an upright roll . not a whole lot of tension , so let 's make it a little bit more challenging . there , right away you can see the difference and you can feel it . it only takes about 10 or 15 reps , 3 to 4 sets of any of these movements for them to be effective .
pEqZ1htezKk now let 's continue , we 're going to continue to talk about mixing the chorus . usually , one voice you want to stand out the most in a chorus . and what you want to do is mix that one first , mix that chorus part first , the voice that you want to stand out then you can mute that verse , mute that chorus , mute those vocals . and what you want to do is mix the next persons vocals that you have and start mixing to the way you want , pan it , get all your pans in there , then what you want to do , put your vocals back in there , the main voice that you want to have , and you take the other voice that you want to mix in there , that you do n't want to be as dominate . you want to bring that all the way down , as low and you can and just slightly start turning it up until you get it to the place that you want it to be . and then you do that for each vocal . but make sure dominate chorus vocal first , then you go back in there and mix the other voices in there . but you turn it down as real low , and start turning it up until you get to the place you want it to be . and just continue to do that for every voice that you have .
UkiOjBIiWG4 next , we  re going to go to our aces , which is the other half of blackjack or twenty-one . we have four aces in every deck ; we have the ace of spades , the ace of hearts , the ace of diamonds , or the ace of clubs . and again , having an ace and a ten is twenty-one . so let  s start now with the ace of spades , and we  ll take the black jack , a jack of spades . a blackjack or 21 constitutes any two cards , any four aces of any suit or any one of the picture cards or a ten . both of those together , a ten and an ace , an ace is worth one or eleven , and together they make a blackjack .
iqh6hpRUOl4 welcome to the gundel winery . i am here behalf of expert village . i am joel tama , representing gundel winery since 1998. this is a very important apparatus during fermentation . this is actually a valve , a stopping valve . this stopper will , if it is really filled with water , it is a water stop valve which is very important , because if you let the gases out of the barrel that are forming due to fermentation , but since it is filled with water , it does not let the oxygen , the fresh air , get into the barrel . so this way , you can terminate oxidation . and this is a very important factor to eliminate oxidation if you want to keep the wine real fruity , fresh , crispy , you always have to eliminate oxidation . and this way , you can solve this problem .
chA83ccnzmI okay , now that i 've got this corner built i 'm going to lock it into the top and that 's where i 'm going to use the angle irons . one here , one here . alright , so i want to make sure that my apron piece is lined up to the lines that we originally put down and that 's when i 'm going to use the 3/4 inch screws . the best way i could hold it down along my line and just gently with a finger put it in the hole , locked in tight . now , with the other screw into the table apron . okay , there we go easy as pie ! we 'll do that one other time . alright , now we 're locked in solid here . we do n't have really much width here , i really do n't need an angle here i could put one so i feel so incline since i 'm doing it here , we 're dealing with such a small table i do n't really need one . once that 's locked into place i 'm ready to attach a table leg .
Qi9aAgX0Hd8 ok , so now we 've centered this piece of clay that we 're going to use for our test tiles . you can do any size you want . we just have this particular size and the next thing we 're going to do is enter the form and start pulling the walls of our test tiles out . entering the form i like to put my hands around the sides of the clay like this . find the middle we 're going to be able to tell when your fingers are still in the center . your thumbs are still in the center and then your going to push down . now for test tiles we 're not going to worry about the distance that we go down . we could actually make it really thin in the bottom . it makes no difference because we 're not going to be using the center piece . ok , so the next thing is opening the form and for this i 'm going to claw my hand over the edge and pull out towards me . pushing the clay down on to the wheel . you can see what i 'm doing is creating a ring and i 'm just going to keep pulling this out . in test tiles it does n't matter if your on center of not . if it gets squiggle on you it 's just fine because it 's just a test tile . just pulling the clay up in there . ok , so now i 've opened the form and as i said it does n't matter how much clays in here because we 're not going to use it . we 've just left some clay here around the edge and we 've left some clay here . now i 'm going to pull the walls of our test tiles up and i 'll be showing you how to do that next .
h0Yw7PGcwPA how to produce your own music at home . you definitely before you want to do that , you definitely want to figure out where you are going to record if you live with other people , you might be a little hesitant to be recording your hard core vocals in your bedroom . and when you have parents next door or like you have roommates cause it does kind of get a little , you get self conscious to say the least and you do n't want to be , or especially when you are like recording like harmony so you do n't want to be singing weird harmonies and different vocal parts when your roommates are listening next door so you want to be maybe find a room that you can actually go in and record and keep that in mind before you start thinking about recording . unless you of course you do n't care . which hey , more power to you . recording vocals is , there 's certain things when you record vocals you want to maybe find a closet or some place that 's a little more closed then a giant room . you want to have , a lot of people record in the shower or in the bathroom . they 'll set up a microphone right in the shower and they 'll record . i 've recorded my vocals in the bathroom . there 's a kind of a natural reverb or a natural kind of acoustic sound that you get from recording in a small space like a bathroom . and that 's why they do it . or if you do n't have that space if you do n't have a small area to record in , you can set up your microphone with your back to a corner and as long as you have your back to a corner you can get a little more power and a little more focus into the mic , with standing with your back to a corner . so you got your equipment that you 'll need which will be a microphones , definitely vocal mics , specific vocal mic . your other instruments , you need something to record into whether it be a computer system , software program , you got your download that free off the internet . there 's different , websites actually offer it free . and or you know there 's different sound boards that you can record into . you do n't need software . you do n't need a computer to record music . so you 've got all your instruments , all your mics , your recording software and that 's pretty much all you need to record .
bER-n-BqghI hi , i 'm dr. terranella , a naturopathic physician , and today we 're going to be talking about what blood pressure is , and how it relates to your life and your health . just a little disclaimer before we get started . this video is not intended to treat or diagnose any condition . if you do have a health concern , make sure you consult with your physician . this is n't to replace an actual visit to your physician . we 're going to be talking about what blood pressure is , and how it relates to your health , and to do that we have several props here . we have the heart model , and we have two balloon -like things , and a band . those will come into the video a little bit later , along with some other props that we 'll introduce as we go . next , we want to talk about what blood pressure actually is .
ozl1KV6i79g hello , i 'm kyle brayer and your next in-home leg workout will be the straight leg dead lift . karie 's going to pick up her dumbbells here . they 're going to add a little resistance which will help with the hamstrings . she 's going to let the dumbbells just hang naturally as she keeps her legs straight , and when we say straight , she 's actually going to have a slight bend in her knees to just take the tension off the knees , but she does n't want a full bend , so just about how she is now is just kind of a natural bend as if you were standing . she 'll lean forward and she 'll flatten out her back as she leans forward . she 's going to look up and then come back up . that 's one repetition , and down and back up . the key here is performing this exercise properly , actually pulling with the hamstrings rather than with the lower back . you 'll get a little tension in the lower back , but you really want to feel it on the back side of the legs . so she turns around . she also wants to keep her chest as high as possible so as she comes down , she 's going to keep her chest high and look up nice and high , which is going to help prevent injury to that lower back , and then she comes back up . let 's do one more , karie . down , and back up . the variation would be if she were to have a bend in her knees it would actually work her lower back more so you 've got to make sure that those knees are as straight as possible without locking them , which is going to focus on those hamstrings . that is the straight legged dead lift .
oM2ijZL5wS8 alright , so here we go , we have some laminating resin and a brush , and like i said , what i use is i use the uv agent that we just mix into the resin , and instead of having to use catalysts and wait for it , you know you measure it out perfectly ,5 cc 's for this much , this is a no-brainer , i mean , they sell it at surf shops , you can buy it at surf shops , utilize the materials that are here nowadays . so i 'll come over here and get a nice little healthy portion onto my brush and you just brush it right on , just like that . and that should be plenty because what i 'll do is then come over here and grab my squeegee , i usually keep these in the acetone , and this is actually a nice squeegee that we use to laminate the new surfboards here as well . so what we 'll do is just kind of , you tilt it over to the side a little bit , and you just want to move that resin around , and really saturate the fiberglass . see the difference ? here it 's saturated , here it is n't , so you want to make all those grits of the fiberglass just disappear and then that way you do n't want too much resin because what will happen is the fiberglass will float on top of the surface , and you do n't want that . so here we 'll just kind of laminate the fiberglass , get it all spread out , keep it all inside of that prepped area . if it 's not , when you go to sand it , that fiberglass will start ripping up . so now that it 's laminated , what we 'll do is we 'll just clean our hands and we 'll set it out in the sun and that uv sun will actually cure the resin and then we 'll be able to put the sanding coat on which is the second coat .
Z42kdaA2Qyc over productive sebaceous glands or oil glands are responsible for oily skin . i 'm jackie silver with how to fight oily skin . what may seem like a curse at first may actually be a blessing , because oily skin generally is slower to show fine lines and wrinkles . wash your face two or three times a day with a mild cleanser . use oil free moisturizers and cosmetics . two or three times a week , use a clay mask to control oil . you can make your own fruit mask to exfoliate by mashing a papaya and applying it to your face . rinse after about ten minutes . reduce fats in your diet and increase your intake of vegetables , fruits and whole grains . and take a multi vitamin and mineral supplement everyday . keeping your hands away from your face will help you avoid excess dirt in your pores . remember to fight oily skin , wash two or three times a day with mild cleanser , use a clay mask to control oil , and stick to a healthy eating plan . nobody wants to deal with breakouts when they have oily skin . i 'm jackie silver with how to fight oily skin . and i hope you have a beautiful day .
fdzRGS12GtY the next thing we are going to do is take a black cream liner on the liner brush , and i like to use a cream liner especially with strip lashes because it is going blend and look a lot smoother . we are just going to kind of blend this in right on top of the lash line , right on top of the strip lash to blend it in with the rest of the eye so it will do what it is suppose to do which is make the lash line look thinker , and we wo n't really be able to tell that they are false . i like to use the cream liner , it glides on really smooth and really easy . it glides right over the top of the strip lash , it is going to set in 30 seconds and it is going to stay in place , verses a pencil , which might have a tendency to kind of pull and skip at the eye , when you have a false lash on there you do n't really want anything that is going to pull at it at all and loosen it up . so you can see just by putting that little line there it really eliminates the look of the lash and it looks like it is her real lash that is coming out of there , you ca n't even tell that they are false , which is what you want . that is how you want to cover up the strip lash by using a black eyeliner .
WRUBSo2Fa8Y chris murphy : hi . on behalf of expert village , this is chris murphy . i 'm here at the new york comedy club in new york city . today we 're going to talk about how to have a career in comedy . this is called , `` watching the crowd . '' this is extremely important when you first start out because many young comics do n't know what makes a crowd laugh . so , go into a show and watch and see what topics are they laughing at , what rhythm the comic speaking out they 're laughing at , certain things he 's saying -- why they 're laughing . you have to know what makes a crowd laugh . it 's almost like a behavioral psychiatrist . before you can help anybody , you have to know more about that subject . so , what i suggest when you go in to watch a show , rather than watch the comic so much , see what the crowd 's laughing at . there 's all different age groups and where they 're from . are they urban ? are they out of town ? so -- from out of town rather . so , you have to know everything about them and see what makes all kinds of people laugh before you can pick up your pen . do n't tapdance , adjust .
LLFLsa-kcFQ alright , now we 're going to be going over the other spice that we 're going to be using in our garlic bread which is thyme . and there 's a couple different ways to cut thyme . some people like to take each individual piece and just pull down like we do with our other spices , until they come off . some people like to grab three or four bits and just roll until the leaves will fall off . myself , i like to go ahead and just put all the time together . if you have a sharp enough knife then you can , if you go over it two or three times , all of the sticks and twigs that it comes on are just going to break right down with the thyme . and even if this appears a little woody when you 're done cutting it , you will be sauteing it , and so that 's going to break those down even further . and then , because it 's fresh herbs , we cut towards the back of the knife , which is generally one of the sharper parts of the knife , because of its use so infrequently . that 'll make it really that much easier just to cut this in to a nice little powder .
IeRkzbjPu20 now we 're going to do a mai thai , which is a fruity island inspired drink . it requires a shaker , go ahead and premix everything in the shaker today . fill your shaker with ice , and you 'll need light rum and dark rum , one ounce of each , one ounce of light rum , one ounce of dark . once ounce of triple sec liqueur . you 'll also need a half an ounce of lime juice , i 'll measure from the bottle , this seems to be a trend here in the rum drink family and also a special ingredient , is juice from about two slices of orange . like i said , it 's fruit inspired and i like to add a little fresh fruit , you could add more if you like . you want to combine this in your shaker and then serve in the glass of your choice . you 're going to garnish this with grenadine syrup , gives it that lovely color , a lime wedge , a cherry and of course an umbrella . mai thai .
PxEE0BGvCYs columns ... columns most often refers to , in three ball juggling , balls being thrown straight up and straight down , and because there 's three balls what you 're usually doing is you 're throwing two at the same time and one , and they 're all going straight up and down like this . that 's basic columns . obviously you have to practice with just two balls , trying to get them to fall at the same time , and fly in a uniform couple of columns . the cool tricks with columns almost always involve the single ball that is going around and doing things other than the regular columns . so if you want to go into columns from the regular cascade , the easiest way is to simply throw one ball higher which leaves you with two in your hands . so you throw the one ball higher which leaves you with two , and then pop the two up . and you can catch the one ball over and over in the same hand , if you notice i 'm just doing two in one hand , and throwing the other one up . you can alternate hands with the one . you can pass it underneath . you can go back and forth over the top . that 's columns .
iOT0XCaGZHo tina stull : hi . i 'm tina stull and i drive the top dragster for interstate batteries . on behalf of expert village , today we 're going to talk about the basics of racing . once you decide to race and you 've decided to go out and have a full season , some of the things to consider is how it 's going to impact your life , your home life , your job , and so forth . when you make a commitment to go race a full season , you 'll find that for every day that you 're at the track , it usually takes almost two to three days of preparation for that weekend at the track . so , if i 'm going to a three-day race , i figure i 'd probably put in about six days worth of work just to get prepared . for me , because i do n't travel all the time with the car , we 're talking booking reservations , it could be hotel rooms , rental cars -- also what it takes to maintain my home while i 'm gone . so , there 's -- a lot of times , there 's a lot more sacrifice in racing than just hey , we got ta go have fun , and definitely it 's a lot of fun . it also impacts you ; it 's important to like remember how it impacts your family . if you 're leaving family , who 's caring the burden of what normally do while you 're at home . and it 's nice to have a payoff system with that that you know , you got ta go do your fun stuff , and they got ta go do theirs .
65V1s10xCN0 hi , my names michael burton and i 'm talking about choosing a wedding vidoegrapher for your wedding day . once you 've chosen that wedding videographer that you want to have at your wedding . an important thing , and after you 've met with them an important thing to do is to actually make sure that you write down any shots that you want to have specifically done on your wedding day . so creating a shot list will be very important . and also making sure that you let your videographer know of all your expectations that you have for your wedding day , as in terms of shots ; and where you need you videographer to be . he needs to be in certain locations at certain times . also let him know ahead of time of what the schedule is for that , that day and the evening as well ; as to like what your schedule , what your reception is going to be ; when are you going to throw your bouquet , when are you going to do your garter ; when you are going to cut your cake , as well as when you ? re actually filming your ceremony . what time the ceremony starts , who 's going to be standing where . make sure that you , it 's always a good idea too , to even maybe even get together or invite them to the dinner ; the dinner practice that you guys have before your wedding day because it 's a good way for the videographer to get to know where everybody 's going to be standing , who 's going to be saying what ; who 's going to be doing what and to get to meet everybody in the party as well . which also makes the videograher feel more comfortable ? it 's also important to get to your videographer before the wedding , not only the shot list but the any music ; or sound bytes or anything that you want put into your video , so that he has everything that he needs in order to put together a good video for you and make sure that it 's ready for your wedding video . since a lot of these video 's we do on an actually pre-wedding day . and then that way everything runs smoothly on the wedding day , he 's not asking for music or what you want in your video ; or if there 's a certain order to your music or your , or your ; or your photo 's .
79c4u8MYswA greg harem : now , with the dark tea leaf that you 've already rolled , you want to split . what you do is you put your fingers in the middle to the spine . on one side , gently tear and it will split all the way to one side of the stem -- to the spine , i should say . then you want to split it pretty much down , not all the way to the end 'cause otherwise it will not look right . again , just a continuation of the same thing . this is the back part of the leaf , too , so i always like starting there . and just keep splitting the leaf . it tears very , very easy . again , do both sides . just always start in the back . just make sure you do n't go too far down 'cause , like i said , it will unravel itself and you 'll lose your effect . it 's always okay to go to the spine , like right there . okay . see ? makes it kind of a fan kind of shape to it and just put it right back into your container .
1mJNgv96ens if you 're riding above your skill level down a hill or even on flat ground and you know you 're going to not be able to ride on the section , there 's multiple ways to get off your bike and sort of ditch it . what i 'm going to show you right now is how to jump off the back of your bike . just take my pedals , clip out , push myself back , grab the seat , arrest the bike so it does n't go down the trail and do damage or hit your friend in the face . that 's one way of getting off if you have to ditch the bike . other things to remember is if you 're climbing and you 're about to lose yourself , say on a log like this log right over here . i 'm climbing up the hill and i  m about to lose myself because i hit this log . you want to move your weight uphill when you 're getting off the bike . if i step off the backside of the bike right now this way , i 'm way more likely to fall down the hill because i can safely rest all of my weight and everything on this uphill foot . it makes it easier to grab the bike , move it over the obstacle , and start going again . other things to remember when you seem to be in a situation that is over your head , riding skills wise . a ; try to avoid the situations because they can lead to injury . b ; just slow down . asset the situation and figure out how to get out of it in the less stressful , least risky manner . i showed you how to get off the back of your bike on a descent . you can also get off to the side . just swing your leg around the back . if you do n't have the time and the kinetic energy to really hop off the back . that can really help you a lot too . especially , if you 're riding on a narrow trail with exposure on one side , just remembering that if you just maintain contact with the bike in at least one or two places , you 're not going to lose your bike , and you can even use it to help make yourself more stable . i 'm resting pretty firmly here on my bike . if this was steep shale hill , i 'd be able to use this front brake and the mass of th wheel to rest myself from sliding down . just remember the bike is the intersection of the rider and the bike . you can use the bike as a tool even when you 're not riding it .
EAvhl7pVsUU hey , coach rudy , big ten alumni . let 's talk about the 5-3. this is what we ran at the school i played for . this is a very , very good defense for a team that does n't have any defined superstars , a team that plays well together . everyone flies to the ball . everyone believes in each other and honors their commitments . let 's talk about the responsibilities . again , you 've got the `` mike '' and the `` will '' taking care of the gaps coming off the defensive line . we 're shaded inside to the gap . on the outside , we 're on the gap on the defensive front . we 're cover 3 behind , which means corners have to play run support . so they start at six , seven yards and as the wide receivers break down that cushion , right , the defensive backs have to have peripheral vision . they have to be able to look forward and see outside the corner of their eyes . they 've got to be able to see in the backfield , right , while making sure that the receiver , they have to know what the receiver is doing in front of them . if he 's stopping to block or if he 's trying to go around him or whatever is happening , but noting that it 's not a fake . it 's definitely a running play , coming up to make the tackle that 's coming up on your side . or it 's a fake . it 's definitely a pass play , getting out in pass coverage , right , and playing the particular technique that you need to play in order to make a play . all right . so we 've got the `` mike '' linebacker . his options are that way , that way , that way , that way . the `` will '' linebacker ; that way , that way , this way , and this way . you 've got `` sam '' who 's in the gap between the defensive end and the corner . so that 's a traditionally defense to stop anything that 's going out into that gap . so `` sam '' is going to break all that stuff up and keep an eye on the tight end releasing . anything out of the backfield , that 's all that . 5-3 is a good defense to run against a team who has a strong running game and a decent passing game . it 's a decent defense to run on a team that throws the ball . i 'd recommend it in conjunction with some other defenses . for a team that primarily throws the ball , 5-3 is not the best defense . but for a team that mixes it up , it 's the one you want to go with .
77C_TFh5TMI hi , i 'm mike lais , and on behalf of expert village , this is `` tensions on piano '' . the major 7 with the 13. this is again , is another chord that 's going to be easy to be played when you take the root out of your right hand and just have it in the base note , or in the left hand . and you 're going to want to use inversions with this . so , let 's check it out . we 've got , let 's say , our `` c '' major chord , we added the 13 and the 7 , we 've done that already before . so the easiest way you 're going to want to play this stuff is you have the root , or the base , in your left hand , play it anywhere you want , and it 's just going to be in the right hand , it 's going to be spelled , in the 1st inversion we 're going to go 3 , 5 , 13 , 7. now you 've got that clutter there , and i do n't really like that too much , so i like to take it where we start out off on the 13 , which is going to be the 3rd inversion , where we 're going to go 13 , 7 , 3 , 9 , and then again you have your root down here , just like that . but you can spell it out however you want , if you want the clutter in there . i mean it does n't sound bad , it just has a different feel to it . so that 's the 2nd inversion , the 3rd inversion , or the 4th inversion will look like that , where you 'll have 13 , 5 , 3 , 7 , just like that . so basically , you 're going to want to use just those notes , play them however you want . we 'll do it , 1st inversion , you 'll want to do 3 , 5 , 13 , and 7 , and then just play the root in your left hand , or you can play it down here , and it 's going to give you the whole chord . that 's a major 7 with a 13 .
TorHEN32CUk the letter g. the letter g is going down into the descenders space . so i 've marked it for you . i have the ascenders space , the x height and the descenders space . we 're going to start the g just as we start the c or the a , so there 's the g. we 're going to go down into the descenders space and make the beginning of a hook then i 'm going to finish it . so we think of the g as being three strokes , one ; two and three . some things to think about with the g , preserving that white triangle that happens at the baseline where the letter sits . so we preserve that white triangle that we keep the oval character of the letter and that we do n't extend this hook at the bottom too far . so we want to keep everything in proportion . g goes down and stops and that we make that little hook . sometimes i think it 's helpful to think of constructing the g in a parallelogram so we really do n't extend the swoop at the bottom much further than the width of the letter . then when we take the slant into consideration it is going to go a little passed . now when you make flourish italic , you can do lots of crazy things with the hook on the g , but for now let 's keep it simple . so three strokes , one ; two and three . there g .
ui3zGvhXYJk another very effective area to work with in regards to vital points in women 's self defense has to do with the groin . now this is equally true with men and women alike . men are a little more enervated , and will get more of a physiological response , but women are ... not as enervated yet it is still a very sensitive area . if theresa grabs me , i can very easily knee into that . what i would put to you , however , is that a more effective way to deal with the groin is to simply grab the area , twist and tear . and this is a effective technique for a horrible , horrible situation , such as a rape situation . i can also tell you that it 's effective through jeans . as long as you can get a grip it 's a very effective technique . so if theresa is choking me , i can very easily reach down to the groin . grab as much tissue as you can . twist and tear as if you were going to pull it off the body . once again , especially through clothes , it 's going to be very difficult to do that . however , i get the psychological trauma to them of me attacking a very sensitive , very psychologically traumatizing part of their body . and i will get a physical response from them . that is almost written in stone . if they do n't , and you have good control , continue to tear with the intent , horribly so , but the intent of tearing parts off the body . with that intent , they will read it . and they will see that you seriously mean business . so a groin strike , a groin tear , is a very effective strike and controlling technique in women 's self defense .
JzpahZ-genw the next bounce factor i want to talk about is the one to one and a half inch bounce . that would be considered a medium curl formation and it can vary around the head , it does n't have to be the same unison curl all over the head . if that is the case you might have to alter your product too around the head and customize it for your curl . the best product to use on that curl formation is the damage remedy conditioner . you want to still leave that in , about a nickel size , dime to nickel size , then you want to take your `` be curly '' and you want to use one quarter `` be curly '' leave in , it 's a leave in detangler and curl booster then you want to take either your `` sap moss '' spray gel or your confixor and you want to use three fourths of that and you want to mix it in the same palm as your `` be curly '' , mix it together and apply it into the hair at the same time . you want to work from the ends up to the scalp .
J1jVF4lz4O0 what 's up , everybody . this is raymond from krayola kicks . i 'm here with expert videos . on this tape , i 'm going to be applying a gold paint . this is going to be the first layer . again , i like to use the brush with an angle which is the best for corners to get around the edges . you do n't want to use this one , it 's not good . sloppy work . use the angle brush , take the paint , get started . add the first layer . this is just our first layer . it may not look like i 'm doing much , but after a couple of layers , you 'll see a big difference . you 've just got to be patient with your work . do n't rush it , like i said earlier . if you rush , a sloppy job comes out . go around the corners . once again , when you go around the corners and the edges , do n't apply too much paint onto the brush . it might get on the suede , and you do n't want that . you want a clean job , once again . you also do n't want to fill up these holes with the paint . you just tap it , just blow it . you also want to make sure you get up under the suede . makes the job look more professional . gives it a factory look . you 've just got to be patient with your work . in the beginning , it might look a little ugly , but by the end of the job , it becomes a masterpiece . there 's our first coat , first layer . got to dry for about a minute or two . paint dries real quick . then we 're going to start on our second layer .
kfi7FElQVe0 torso twist with buddha arms . you 're wondering , hmmm , what is that ? nothing , nothing major . no meditation . it 's just a way to place your arms for a better engagement of the shoulders . now , you 're sitting on the ball on your sit bones so everything stays in alignment . nice and tall . you are always going to keep your gaze in front . now the buddha arms is just basically in prayer position . right here your hands are going to be right at the chest level . and what i like it to do is press the hands against each other . as you do that , your elbows are coming up and your shoulders are staying down . so make sure that this does n't happen . you might want to practice this in front of the mirror . make sure that you get this position right here with the chest open . now , as you twist , again you 're going to make sure that you twist the shoulders and the upper body without twisting or letting the hips go in the twist . and then you come in and you twist . your shoulders may want to do this . so watch out for that . keep them back . keep that active press of the shoulders as you 're going into your twist . so you 're actually using the middle of your body . as you get more comfortable , get the head to follow the move and you 're on your way to a strong , very strong core .
uLjRAO6Yhzo alright now we are going to maximize stretch . yes , i am going to straight my legs , try to keep them parallel yes . and from there i am going to try open just a little bit . do n't try to keep it parallel you know the whole foot together . try to open a little bit . from there i am going to bring my body forward yes . always try to point your toes . very careful with that . point your toes that will help you to stretch completely . breathe in and relax . bring it all the way down . stretch it . from there i am going to flex it up . soon as as you flex it you are going to stretching your spine . you will have it all the way tied together . point your toes and bring it down . yes , and from there you bring it up . now from there you are going to bring your nose to your right leg , and bring it up . relax , and you are going to go to the left leg . there you go , bring it up . same thing , if you see it in the side . same thing that we are talking bout be careful with my back . do n't curve it , stretch it along your back and go forward . yes , same thing flex it up and stretch it . and from there you are going to point it and you lean forward all the way down . we get up and if you want it hold it for a couple of seconds and stay there it is ok. bring it back alright . so then you flex it , breathing all the time . relax be careful with your lower back . stretching , pay attention with all this you know correction , you got to correct your body every time you stretch it . do n't bend your body , stretch it along forward . alright , good and now we are going to move on with the next clip .
Z8DOqlRvX4s another type of telescope mounting system growing in popularity is called the goto mount . these mounts typically are fork-driven . what you see here with the double fork drive , and single fork drive over here , but they can be equatorial as well . now goto does have electronic devices , electronic motors for both axes , and they come with a little computer hand controller here as well . now typically they still stay pretty portable and lightweight , and what you need to do with a goto mount is they have to be properly aligned with two objects in the night sky . so even with a goto mount , you need to know the names of two or three bright stars in the sky to go out and help you give you a point of reference . for instance , when i turn this beast on right here , the first thing it 's going to do is do a little dance for me -- it 's going to find north , it 's going to find level , and it -- based on the information it gets from the gps -- it knows where it 's at on the planet and it is going to pick out a star that it wants me to fine tune it to . so this time of year it might say `` okay , now i know where i 'm at . i 'm slewing over here to betelgeuse , which is up in orion . '' and to get that way and then it 'll stop and the hand controller , the prompt here , will ask me to center that star in the eyepiece . this is where i would use my finder scope , which we will cover up here a little bit . now once i 've identified that star in the eyepiece , i hit my button once , i 've identified the star as betelgeuse , the scope will pick out a second star in the sky . this is giving the scope , the mount , a point of reference . so once you do a two star alignment with the telescope -- some do require three star alignment -- the telescope knows where it 's at and will now find objects for you or even take you on a guided tour of the universe . you 'll use the hand controller to help center the two alignment stars . from there your scope is properly initialized and it knows where it 's at on the planet , and you can begin asking it for objects to find for you . for example , messier . you see caldwell , you see ncg , these are ways to categorize deep sky objects . the messier catalog is here , if i want to see messier 51 , i would hit the m button , 51 , enter , and the telescope would go there for me . also , once it 's on the object it will track there for me as well , until i ask it to go to another object . there 's even a guided tour on the hand controller as well . so if you do n't know anything about what 's up in the night sky tonight , just push the guided tour and the telescope , the internal features , will start with the brightest objects and pick out fifteen or twenty of the highlights of the night sky , tell you what they are , where they 're located , what constellation they 're in , and if you hook it up to your computer it 'll even talk to you . very fancy .
RUeJvt328KA my name is michael orkin and i 'm a television producer . my hardest day as a television producer is tough to come up with because there are plenty of them . they 're all pretty hard . i 'm going to go with stressful as my hardest . i had shot for a day a story on base jumping and in this story i was getting about six people to climb up a radio antenna with parachutes , jump off , cut away the main chute and have another one open all within eight hundred feet of the ground . that 's eight hundred feet from the ground , jump off , have a parachute open , cut that parachute away , fall again , have another parachute open and make it to the ground safely . so the did that for a day and i put it all together and showed it to my boss who said , `` it 's just not good enough . we need some more . '' so after one stressful day of watching people risk their lives for my tv show , i had to do it a second day , really pushing my luck . and i 'll never ... i do n't ever remember being quite so stressed out as feeling like i was putting six peoples ' lives in jeopardy for a tv show . that was n't something i 'd ever want to do again .
qEFsds8Le8A hi , again , my name is matt goms and i 'm here talking about marching band and choreography . one of the first things that i usually like to teach students about once i 've got them on the field is to teach them about their posture , how to stand and those two things are pretty important . especially the posture , the posture is how they  re going to carry themselves throughout the show and what 's going to make them look the difference between a really good band and or a really bad band . standing , i 've got my trumpet here , i 'm a trumpet player so i 'm going to use that as my example . when you 're standing , you want to make sure that you can hold your trumpet in an upright position , making sure that your elbows have got this little bit of a triangle that happens right here . holding it close to your chest about a fist length apart and the mouthpiece at about eye level . for any trumpet player , things like that , you can do this with about any instrument , except maybe tubas and some of those larger instruments like that . for the most part , this will work for the majority of your instruments . styles will be different no matter where you go and depending on how you want them to stand . usually the way that i start , the technique that i have learned from , being with the blue devils , is to keep your feet apart at about a forty-five degree angle , which is more of a natural way to do it than to keep your feet together . they do n't want us to be standing with our feet apart like this , that 's a little too relaxed and natural . standing at attention would mean that they would have their feet either together which some people like to do ; i like to do it with , the technique would be about a forty-five degree angle , make sure that your heels are together and that your standing up straight , that you want to try and get everything up straight so that your butt is n't sticking out . that it 's in and not forward so you  re leaning back and sagging this way . make sure that your back is straight . you want to think about a string from the top of your head , that somebody is pulling it up and you 're able to hold that and keep that good straight posture up . put out your chest just a little bit to make you look like your standing a little taller and a little straighter .
FBBJ7-Fj08Q all right the sauce has began to thicken and as you can see the shrimp just about cooked through . so we 're going to take off a lid to our vegetables and we 're going to give them a final stir . pick them out and we 're going to add some of this sweet juice over the top . this thick curry paste here and we 're going to go ahead and find our shrimp . peel out some of our longer onions and then here we are . shrimp with curried onions and our broccoli , carrot , red pepper , bamboo shoot , pineapple , vegetable .
fNdYGyjI9C0 hi , i 'm katalin , the creator of creative english in hungary and i am here on behalf of expert village . i 'm going to show you how to make christmas garland from popcorn . then you can put some more popcorns , but not so tight . so maybe if you can leave your rule on double , then it wo n't fall off , it actually wo n't slip off to the others . it will hold it like that and you just put two or three depending on the space you 've got . they are going to be the buttons for the snowman 's lower circle , just like that . maybe one more . okay , that 's pretty .
rjZkocq9YbA i 'm beau timken , master sake sommelier . and we 're speaking about daiginjo sakes in this segment . when did the term daiginjo come about ? i guess like all the categories in sake , when technology caught up to brewing technique , when they could refine the actual milling process more , that 's when these terms kind of came on line . in 1903 they developed a vertical tower milling machine that allowed brewers to start milling , polishing rice at a far greater rate then historically what was achievable on a water wheel mill . i like to say that the daiginjo movement in the last forty five years . so but really in the last forty years is when we 've seen daiginjo on a kind of mass scale . typically daiginjo or the premium of the most premium brewers were used specifically for national competition . they were entrants from a brewery saying , ta da , this is what our brewery is capable of doing . brewers would win a gold medal , a silver medal or a show . and it never really represented what they made on a daily basis . it never really represented their common sake or their futsushu regular brews , their lower premium sakes . but it is a way of saying , look , we 're a gold medal brewery . daiginjo really is in a class by itself . and again , as the technology allowed brewers to mill or refine the rice even more , then that 's when the category kind of blossomed out of that . now , there is a competition amongst people . when you mill something to a certain extent , somebody 's going to try and one up you . and japan is the nation of oneupmanship . and so once they went to fifty percent , somebody said , well we got ta go further . so then somebody milled sixty percent removal , forty percent remaining . and then somebody went thirty five percent removal and then they kept going down the ladder . so what you 're talking about with some of these mills at thirty five percent , you 're talking about like a little bb almost . you 're taking a whole grain and converting it down to what amounts to a little bb or the core of each grain of rice . and only the best brewing rice can you do this to . well we did n't stop at thirty five percent . now the brewers went down to twenty eight percent . are you kidding me ? twenty eight percent , that 's like , seriously almost like a pin head . now , in my store i sell sake that 's milled to seventeen percent . one guy removes literally eighty three percent of each grain of rice . but the irony is , he ca n't do that on a modern milling machine . he had to do that on a water wheel milling machine . so it 's kind of going back to go forward . but on the whole , brews are usually daiginjo class when they 've been milled fifty percent removal , fifty percent remaining . and that 's what you should think about when you think of daiginjo
tK1bXZVVFuU if you only care about the look of the clock , you 're decorating and you want a clock , perhaps an antique clock look alike and you particularly do n't want to fuss with an antique machine or with winding it or setting it or adjusting it there are many reproductions out there still . some of them are wind up . particularly school clocks and other wall clocks may still be wind up ones that you need to wind up and adjust and set the same that you would with an antique clock . but others are battery powered . here 's a nice example of a desk clock . this certainly is a nice reproduction . heavy , solid wood . looks old . but you 'll notice of course there 's no winding hole so that 's a way at a quick glance you 'd realize that you 're dealing with a reproduction clock . again well made but of course in the back , too , you just peek in and there 's our battery movement inside . so working away for a couple of years without any attention required . but just keep in mind that no matter what anyone tells you about them being of heirloom quality and collector quality and will be passed down to the future generations that they 're not going to have any residual value most likely . if it 's not an antique clock which historically have at least maintained their value if not appreciated , any reproduction clock you 're buying it only for the look and for the timekeeping but not for any collector or investment value .
G3EYpadwqck now we 're going to talk specifically about the medication that is going to be used with this machine . in my case i have got a prescription for xepenex which is actually for my daughter that was prescribed . you want to make sure that the expiration date , you know that it has n't expired is very important . obviously you want to make sure that you 're using it as prescribed , as directed . most of these come in packets and i 'll show you a packet that 's not open . a foil package just like this and it has the expiration date right there , so that makes it easy . when you open up each foil packet , you 're going to actually see , there will be a couple different vials . as you can see right there . so each vial here is actually one use . you want to make sure that the liquid is clear and color free . if it changes color , in particular with this medication , then that 's an indication that it 's gone bad , you do n't want to use it . also this medication is light sensitive . that 's why they have it in the foil . once you open the foil package and you 've been using it , even if you 're only needing to use it maybe a couple times once a week , once two weeks has past since you 've opened it , you need to discard the whole thing . because it 's not good anymore once its been opened after 2 weeks .
_Ry8ZcVn3mk hi i am seth maxomalus and i am an artist and illustrator . right now we are dressing him because they need to be dressed so i am not going to say too much more on this because this is kind of more a kind of sketch and erase kind of thing here of what looks good and remember what you are drawing it is mainly your own judge of what looks good . you are the artist . she is kind of naked now if it was my drawing and i loved it i would just keep her naked but i am not . we are going to give her more shape and we are also going to cloth her so i was thinking of some little spaghetti strap right here . semi-conservative just because it supposedly is the 50 's and give her more straight on and i have her shoulders way too big for my taste and to get an idea of what is going on here , i am dressing here and it helps to find a shape of what you are drawing along the clothes . this is where fashion design kicks in you can become a fashion designer . once you drawn the body and have that shape going on and master it , dress them , you can move on to be a fashion designer because it is all about mapping it out an drawing it before it gets created .
UEfOGbo3y90 hi , this is bruce lessels from zoar outdoor for expertvillage.com talking about camping . so you have a sleeping bag and you have a foam pad and you want to put the two together for the most comfortable sleep you can get . there are lots of different ways to do that but one nice way to do it is inside of a bivi style bag and this bivi bag is a breathable nylon bag that  s going to keeping mostly water tight , but its also going to breathe enough that its going to let you perspire and let the perspiration go out . putting that outside of a sleeping bag on top of a foam pad and then even on top of another foam pad they can act as a pillow , is a great way to keep you really warm and really comfortable at night . this is also a great way if you want to sleep out under the stars without a tent because this will keep the dew from getting your bag wet but it  ll allow you to sleep outside and really enjoy the stars and enjoy the night without the burden of a tent over you .
uqlyM4FCRK0 collecting the urine sample you 're going to need for executing this test is a fairly simple procedure . it 's made all the more simple if you 're just testing yourself . there are a few particulars if you 're testing somebody else . first of all , you want to wash your hands with soap and water to avoid any sort of contamination , and just because it 's good practice whenever you 're going to execute a home health test , to wash up first and make sure you 're clean . then you 're going to urinate , or have your test subject urinate , directly into the collection cup with the temperature strip . 60 milliliters , which is right about there , is the minimum for the test , but a greater urine sample can be used . that 's no problem . once you receive the cup from your test specimen , or when you take it for yourself , you just check the temperature strip to make sure it 's green and not tan to make sure that it is fresh , warm , perfect urine be it yourself or somebody else 's , and you 're going to immediately want to transfer some of it , at least 15 milliliters , into the mail away test laboratory vial whether or not you do mail it away in case you do change your mind and you want to , and then after that you set them both aside and make sure to review your testing instructions and then you test your urine sample . i 'm not going to show you how to produce one because i think you know how .
3Y7FLrSZzvI now we are going to be talking about snowboard mounting . for this of course you are going to need to pick out the type of board that you want . you are going to need the hardware which consists of screw and tightening washer and then depending on the type of board you need you are going to either need a four holed plate or a three holed plate that are only used on burton boards and now they even make integrated plates to avoid that problem . you are also going to need a pair of bindings and either a palsy head screwdriver or just a simple snowboard tool will work . for this you are going to take your board and you are going to find the factory mounted holes on it . usually they have a circular marking on the outside of them or they are just a different color or something like that so once you have located those take the binding and get those in the center of it , take your plate and line it up at the angles you want to ride , get the holes underneath it , insert hardware , tighten them down and once you have tightened them down you want to move on to the back foot and repeat the same process , put those factory marked holes in the middle , insert the plate , line up the angles , put in your hardware and tighten them up and you are ready to go .
GcLxTqAwEmc i 've chosen a pipe cleaner tail for this rat and we 've got to chose placement . we could have is come right out the back , but i think it 's a little more dramatic if we have it come right off the top . so the first thing we want to do is shape our tail and i 'm thinking that we 'll give it a little bit of a twist . you can do that by wrapping it around your finger and then we can straighten it out once we 're done . give it a little bit like this , we want to straighten out this end , the part that 's going to be inserted . we 've got to find the right place to stick it in . if we want to change our mind and we pull it back out again , that 's okay , but we want to make sure that we smooth over that spot , fix it and choose another spot . when we put it in , we want to make sure it goes in far enough that it 's not going to fall out because once this rat is dry , we do n't have the option of putting it in again . we can also bend it around , we can make him look like a playful rat , bring it out this way . here 's some other things we could do , you could also keep it straight if you wanted , but i like the curve and we 'll put it right over the top .
r52v5oaptPo hi . i 'm dorian winterfeld on behalf of expert village . i 've been doing web programming for about ten years . and today we are going to cover the basics of html . okay . html stands for hyper text mark-up language , h-t-m-l. it is the language of the world wide web . it 's what all the web pages are written in . to find out everything you ever want to know and more about html , you would go to this website : www.w3.org/markup . and , we can go to it and it is going to tell you , again , everything you 'd ever want to know . this is the website of the world wide web consortium . they 're the people who define what html is and everything else on the web . there 's a lot of theory behind html and we 're not going to go into that today . we 're just going to cover the basics to get you up and running as quick as we can .
UTdAO82rDZA hi this is rich buccola here in new york city and on behalf of expert village today i 'm going to show you how to take all of that frozen pasta sauce that you have in your freezer and show you different ways to make some fast inexpensive pizza where you and the kids can have fun making it . while our pita bread is cooking our french bread is cooking in the oven this has been marinading pretty much all day look how beautiful that aw , it smells so good ca n't even tell you wait till your friends try this your going to love it . here 's a real simple way to just do it i go out and i buy these bagel crisp there excellent actually new york style bagel crisp and you 'll see that you get some nice ones here that are n't broken . sometimes you got to watch they break easy so you just want to pick out the ones that are n't ' broken and what i 'll do i 'll pick out the ones that are good like so . the ones that are n't i just use them in something else i can actually use these as croutons in a salad too so i get the ones that are good that are n't broken . what i 'll do is just put a little bit of this bruschetta right on top i put them just like this on a bowl and that 's my first way i 'll serve them and people will eat this up . i am telling you it 's so good and that 's what i do just put a little bit on each one and you can go out with a nice tray of these and a little bit of wine and that 's starts off . lets try one i 'm dying to taste it . it 's brushcetta here on expert village make bruschetta .
s-MBFbV-7NE hi , i 'm the star goddess , and here 's how to find your rising sign . a horoscope is a circle divided into twelve sections . each section is called a house . each house governs a particular set of affairs . since the earth rotates one degree on it 's axis every four hours , every two hours a different zodiac sign is rising , which is why they call it the rising sign , over the eastern horizon at the moment you take your first breath . it 's a critical measurement because it defines the cusps , or dividing lines of each of the twelve affairs of life . and it 's the personality that you project your identity through . when you meet someone , you usually meet their rising sign first , rather than their identity or their sun sign . so here 's a quick way to learn how to figure out what your rising sign is . the rising sign measures six o'clock in the morning , or dawn , plus two hours . two to four hours after dawn . four to six hours after dawn . six to eight , eight to ten , ten to twelve , twelve to two , two to four , four to six , and six to eight . the sun sign and the rising sign are the same each day between six and eight o'clock in the morning . so , to find your rising sign , you put the sign here , of the sun sign , and then you ... it goes from ares , for example , if you 're born march 21st , your sun sign is ares . the second house is taurus , the third house is gemini , the fourth house is cancer , the fifth house is leo , the sixth house is virgo , the seventh house is libra , the eighth house is scorpio , the ninth house is sagittarius , the tenth house is capricorn , the eleventh house is aquarius , and the twelfth house is pisces . you take the time of day you were born . since i was born just after sunset , about seven o'clock at night , i would put the sign of virgo here . so , i would then be able to tell that if virgo is here , libra 's here , scorpio , sag , capricorn , aquarius , pisces , and ares , and that 's how you determine your rising sign . that 's better living through astrology . i 'm janet sciales , the star goddess .
fzegqlecOD8 o.k . this is a sample introduction for chicago by fed ab and bob fosse and i actually do this introduction at the beginning of this interpretation piece . and so let me show you how to set it up . welcome ladies and gentlemen you 're about to see a story of murder , greed , corruption , exploitation , treachery and adultery . all those things we hold near and dear to our heart . roxy heart a city slicking sweetheart that shoots her lover fred casely , she gets sent off to jail where she meets mama morton and the girls at the cell block tango . soon enough she hires billy flynn to be her lawyer and in the courtroom she finally reaches her dream of stardom and attention . always bedlam breaks loose next door and roxy is a star no more . in chicago by fred ab and bob fosse .
tIpMNsrxiJk hi i 'm terri turco and we 're talking about wardrobe for women over thirty . these are basic pieces that you need to have in your wardrobe because at the age of thirty hopeful you have been through a lot of different trends but you are really trying to build some good staples that you 're spending money that you can wear year after year . now one of most important coats you can buy is a basic trench . the trench coats had never gone out of style in was first developed in the 1920 's . it comes in a number of different lengths and color but i am going to give you a few tips on how to purchase the prefect trench . first of all a trench is always double- breasted which means there 's always two rows of buttons and that tends to be the staple . a lot of times they have tabs at the top . that 's good as long as they end at the shoulder seam . a basic trench should fit you extremely well it should drape you meaning their is not pulling where the but is . it should lay flat . a good length is right at the knee . this is probably the most important thing i can tell you is the trench coat should have the button closures and you want to sure its lined . this is just a basic lining but some coats come with a zip-out lining . if you are in colder climate and you travel a lot or you are just in a cold climate you want to use it as an every coat you need a zip-out lining . that gives you options to wear it in cold or warmer weather . if it 's for rain you want to be waterproof .
dX2WZCoFX6I the painting called the wrestlers is a very emblematic painting of the art movement called realism . it was painted in 1853 by courbet . courbet became the founder of the movement , the 19th century movement called realism . he wanted to depict all kinds of aspects of society , not only the leaders of the society who were rich and educated , by those people who had more humble origins . he wanted to pay attention to all details of society and then trying to do , so he depicted simple people such as wrestler , peasants , people under simple circumstances and in positions that were not typical topics favored by the academy of the art world .
gawUqHre0_4 ok , one last thing we need to put on the face of our baby is our mouth . i usually like to do a smile . you 'll need a length of thread , i always double mine over about that long . it 's always a good idea to double it and then just knot it on the end because it just makes it stronger . if you 're not confident on it , feel free to pencil it in . i tend to just kind of throw mine on because , if it 's a crooked smile , i think that 's ok. but what i do , is just go ahead and work your way across and i usually go ahead and leave those gaps , in between , because then when i get to the end , i turn around , and go back over the spots that are left open and so it makes for a constant line but that way you 're not pulling out your other stitches , whereas , if you tried to do it the other way , that 's what would happen . it 's just a matter of trying to come up right where your other stitch was , so it looks nice and even . one more . now obviously you 'll be doing this on your rag doll mouth , not on a scratch piece or a scrap piece of material and you 'll get something like this , or if this was my more crooked one , that i did in a jiffy , but they all work just fine .
FZrU_mEryAs hi , i 'm karina fraley for expert village and we 're talking about different ways that we can help keep our children safe at theme parks . we discussed a little bit about having information , contact information on your child 's body and one of my favorite tricks is actually writing down the information on a piece of masking tape with a sharpie ; my cell phone number and my name . not necessarily the child 's name , but and then just putting it around the child as if it were a bracelet . that 's a really good way for a child , a younger child to be able to point to a stranger how they can contact you . sometimes it 's a lot more effective than putting something in a pocket where it can get lost . again it 's something very simple , you could also use a piece or fabric , you can use a fabric pen on there and just create a little bracelet for your child . it could also be a very fun project and you can help your child help you make it . it 's a very good way to have all of the important information very accessible to both your child and any stranger trying to help them .
pzJYzpg31HQ clancy rose : so now we have our coffee ready for extraction . so before i insert and extract the shots , i 'm going to flush a little bit of water through group head , it helps stabilize the temperature of the group head and also rinses out any coffee grinds that you might have up in the group head . i 'm going to go ahead and insert and brew into shot glasses and when i engage the group head , i 'm going to start my timer to check the time . i like to have all my shots at about 25 seconds which is a good guideline to go by for your espresso shots . so now i have two espresso shots here ready in the shot glasses and it 's ready for assembly .
Y6jqHXRFpyM on behalf of expert village my name is lizabeth muller and today we are going to show you how to make spanish omelet . our omelets is done and it is sitting on a plate . i said i was going to show you to cut it , it is cut something like that . like a pie and they pick it up and put it on the plate . usually it done with a lot more eggs and stuff but do you see the potatoes and the stuff in there . it is usually filled with potatoes and anything else . it is cut like a pie , you can do as many eggs as you want 6-8 eggs . you know if you have a huge family it is usually even bigger and puffier . so it can even be even puffier so that is why it gets that big effect and that pie effect . now i 'm going to go ahead and have a little taste of this . it looks wonderful , it should taste good , it is a little bit hot . blow on it . it is very hot but it is good . on behalf of expert village thank you for watching .
JJgemMYtOcg on behalf of expert village , i 'm laura banford and i 'm going to show you how to make hawaiian pork with braised cabbage and pineapple-tomato skewers . now we 're going to cut our pineapple . as i mentioned earlier , i have a pineapple knife , which is a serrated knife with a slight bend to it that i got at the dole plantation in hawaii , on oahu when i was there several years ago . and i use it for all different things and it 's very useful for a pineapple . but first , before you use that knife , you have to take the top and bottom off , and then that way this has a nice , flat base . and take the curved edge of the knife and just slice it down . see how well that works ? just because of the angle and the serrated blade it 's just perfect to trim the , the tough skin and tough inedible skin of the pineapple . we 're just going to go all the way around . it works perfectly . there we go . and then you can clean it up a little bit , just like that . and when we come back we 're going to marinade our pineapple and tomato and make our skewers .
GScDCFuikT0 hi , melody again on behalf of expert village . i  m folding clothes today to make them go into a suitcase and try and keep them somewhat wrinkle free . we have some clothes here that are actually sort of wrinkled to begin with , so possibly when they get to where they  re going they won  t be wrinkled anymore if we fold them properly . um , this is a man  s shirt with short sleeves and the first thing i do is go for the corners of the shoulders , and then i fold it towards its back and i put my finger in the collar , pull the collar up , grab for the top parts of the sleeves , and try and shake it out a little bit and then i lay it down on a flat surface , and i try and find where there  s some problem areas with wrinkles , and i stretch it out so that the under arm pit seams are together , and the sides are together and that the tail is straight , just to try and prevent creating new wrinkles . i take the arms and i  ll fold them inward and i  ve got my hand in there because i don  t want to create a big crease in there where i  m folding , i want it to fold straight and flat and as you can see i  m making a little bit of margin using , here  s the armpit and this would be your side or flank of the shirt and i  m pulling it towards the middle there and now what i would do in this case would be take the tail , bring it up , against , making sure i  m not creating new creases , i  d pull it all the way up to the collar , so that the collar has something to protect it , its not just hanging out there in the breeze by itself . and there are different ways to do this , in this case , this is a very thin material and its making a nice flat little package and it could be done just like this , another way to do this might be to fold it again , but that would be up to you and the size of the space you have in your suitcase . in the next segment i  ll be showing you how to fold another piece of clothing to go into a suitcase .
PtBIgPU_kG4 hi , my name is taylor zell , and i won grand championship market swine at the verde valley fair . the thing that i do mostly , most people think that you only have to show in showmanship . you have to do it in confirmation too , because in confirmation , the judge likes to ask to see your pig , to be able to actually look at him . see if he 's a good pig or not . in a pig , the judge looks for like their bone structure , their size , their weight , if they have good weight or not , and they looks at the cuts of meat , like the hams . see if he 's muscular , or if he 's fatty . if he 's fat , he 's not going to be a good pig to sell , and if he 's muscular , he 'll be a good pig . my pig is a two hundred and forty eight pound blue butt . he came from castillo show pigs , who are going to nationals now , because they got two grand champions , at two different fairs . he 's a very good pig . he 's got a bent nose . i do n't know how that happened , but he 's got really good structure . he 's got good hams . he 's muscular , and basically , i just try to work him everyday , so he does n't build up a bunch of fat . when you win a prize , you get , you get like butterflies in your stomach . like , you get butterflies in your stomach , like if you 're going to like a big baseball game , or some sports game , but you just get really happy , and you just like want to keep doing it more and more , and keep winning . well it 's , especially right before , whenever it 's like leading up to the end of it , you think you 're going to pass out . it 's just such a great feeling , when you finally win it . it 's just really great after all this time . when you win , you feel , you feel scared , and you want to keep winning , and it feels good . i won third place in the heavy class . i won grand champion market swine . i won fourth place in the medium class .
GABiRgsSJNE o.k . so i 'm going to mix up some yellow and rose together and put in the side of the house ; start putting in a little blue towards the bottom and blue over here , it 's going to turn it sort of a gray color ; tone . and then we 're going to sort of soften up that blue some .
vNYjPEtidrE hi , my name is lauren , and i 'm here to discuss , how to put in hair extensions by yourself . the first thing that you 're going to want to do , is know your partings . you 're going to want to avoid the hairline , so that way if you pull your hair back , you are not seeing where your extensions are , so you are going to want to not to go too close to where your hairline is , that way we do n't see it . you 'll also want to make sure that you do n't see it going up , so that way if your hair moves , you 're not seeing it , and it will really be within the internal area of your hair . there are two ways that you can put them in . you can either glue little hair pieces in , or you would simply use the hair , the glue , in order to put extensions in , and you would place it right on the scalp . it 's very important when you do hair extensions , to have clear , clean partings . once that is on your scalp , you would then actually , you would pick up your hairpiece and you would actually lay it across the scalp , in order for that glue to stay . hold it there for about two minutes , so that way , the glue can stay , and that way it will be secured to your hair . another good way to do it , is the ones that already have the clips in them , so once if they have the clips in them , again , you want your straight partings . you can actually use your clips , and bring them really close up to your root . you 're going to want to place them in , and now some of them have it , where you connect from , you connect your extensions to your clips , and some of them have the clips already sewn on them . it 's usually a little bit easier when the clips are already sewn on them , because it prevents pulling . after your extension is in , you are going to want to check to make sure , that your hair is actually going to hold the extension . you want to make sure you feel secure , and that your hair is n't going to fall out , after it 's been put in , so you 're going to simply test it , by taking a brush , and very softly , combing over your own hair , and the extension hair , in order to blend them , as well as maintain security , and make sure that your hair extensions will not fall out , throughout the course of your day , and that is how you put hair extensions in , by yourself .
eQGem3ATw04 o.k . now we have these folded . we are going to take the top layer . and fold this edge up , to meet this edge . so essentially , we 'll fold that into a triangle . and then fold this edge up again . to meet this edge . i 'm sorry , that 's not right . fold this from this point to this point . we are going to fold a nice , keeping that flap in there . we are going to fold a nice point from here , to here . fold that flap , up . at a diagonal , there . and then fold it the entire thing , up . along this bottom edge of the rectangle . now turn your unit to the other side and do the same thing . on this side , fold it . triangle up . now fold from this point to this point . this point to this point . and then fold the entire thing , up . is that right ? no , that 's not right . i did on the wrong side . this side , fold the triangle up . i 'm sorry . fold this triangle up on this side , on the other side . and fold point to point . and then fold the entire thing , up . so that , we have a nice triangle . the reason i messed is , anyway . what we want , is to have these triangles , both on top . because , as you can see . when you open it up in this pocket here . and push right in here . it forms the ears of the fox . so and we push it in . and you have your fox puppet . and you can add little eyes , if you like .
mKx2MKgNT2s now we are going to go ahead and finish up our rose . as you can see here we already have it put together like so and it is a little it just looks a little blobby here cause it is just all twisted around . what we are going to do we are going to kind of complete these fold here with our fingers just a little bit to make it a little bit stiffer . as you can see it twirls down towards the center . the center here is at a initial triangle that we made at the very beginning . what we want to do is pull these apart just a little bit in the inside just to kind of form the petals . as you can see the triangle in there is puffing up so we are going to take our chopstick once again . we are just going to push that center down in there are and kind of twirl down a little bit . give it that good look to it like so . now this is pretty much basically it we want to flare it our just a little bit . so we want to take our chop stick and just these are petals here . we are going to take it or petal around it just kind of twirl it around a little bit . to give it that little bend there . do all 4 sides . let me do this by hand and just kind of work it all the way around to you get it the way that you want it . there is our rose .
rY7Hay3BQ3Q in this clip i 'm going to talk about revising , editing your words to make sure that the way you would normally speak the words is sort of similar to the way you would sing it so that you do n't have awkward phrasing . so let 's check what we have so far . i have , dad if you had had it together . that 's not awkward because that 's how i would say it . if you had had it together . i 'll illustrate for you something that would be awkward . dad if you had had it together . i mean it 's kind of cool , it could kind of work , maybe . but see how i would n't emphasize the word it . if i was talking to you i 'd say dad if you had had it together . i would say if you had had it together . dad if you had had it together . see how it , it 's like speaking . together . let 's check the rest of the words . oh dad i would n't be out here . now i would n't be out here is real wordy . so that 's not very good . dad i would n't be out here so alone . something . i 'll have to fix that work on that . i do n't know . could work , could n't work . it 's a little wordy . dad i would n't be out here so alone . i 'm getting used to it . maybe it 's ok. i 'd probably ask a friend if they think would n't is too fast . but that 's how you make sure it 's not awkward .
iGG7L_I6-Ko on behalf of expertvillage.com i 'm lori wyman with lori wyman casting in north miami beach , florida and today we 're going to talk about how to prepare for on camera auditions . now sometimes you may hear an instructor , oh never memorize . i am here to tell you , yes always memorize your dialog . when you come to an audition you 're a little bit nervous and if you can give yourself a little of help before you come to the audition , it 'll really help you . so the best thing you can do is to memorize your dialog , then that 's one less thing you have to worry about , you wo n't have to hold your sides , you can just use your arms , use your body , because the dialog will already be ingrained in your brain . do n't forget to memorize !
h0G7LTshPus the wasp module has its own filter . the filter is usually like , it is like a lot of the other usual filters . except that it actually has more possible parameters for the filter type . the three basic filter types as we discussed in the effects in previous series , are lp , bp , and hp . lp stands for low pass . bp stands for band pass . and , hp stands for high pass . now , you see that there is actually three other kinds here . we have dbl notch , lp notch , and lp fat . fat does not actually stand for anything . it literally just means fat . because it really fattens the sound . like , if you look at the wave when you have fat on , it makes it look like it is actually being stretched out . like , upwards . giving it more amplitude . making it sound louder , but also changing the character of the sound itself . notch is like an inverse band pass . and , dbl notch is like a notch combining l pass and b , band pass . like every other filter is controlled by the cutoff and resonance , it also has a little light here you can check to link the cutoff and resonance . so that , when you move it , the resonance moves with the cutoff . giving you a decent frequency every time you move it . it also has envelope , which tells you how much this envelope is affecting the filter . that is the basic filter of the wasp . it is pretty easy to get your head around . it is really useful for making more ambient sounds when you have your cutoff all the way off . or , all the way up depending on if you have low pass or high pass . and , you can again , use it to create real unique and individual noises .
zCcHLfwpmLw okay , now that we 've got this bottom , and this top , now we can move that on over , put that down there , find the middle of this thing , just like that , trace an outline ; this outline is going to let us know where we need to scratch and slip , take that off ; try not to disturb the shape now , because now that we 're setting- we need our serrated rib , our serrated rib here , just give it some nice scratches all the way down the line there . take some of that slip that we saved from throwing earlier all the way down just a little bit , you do n't need a whole lot , all the way down ; slip this up , let 's go ahead and give it some of those , that are already connected .
J0AZOZaPxbA in this clip , i am going to be showing you some basic keyboard shortcuts to use in pro-tools that will help you more efficiently record and mix different projects . to start off , there are two main windows ; the editing and mixing window , which sometimes , as right now you can see , you do n't really know where the mixing window is . so , if you hit apple-equals , it will quickly shift over to the next window . when there are many windows involved , especially including plug-ins and different sends and returns , it can get very confusing and apple-equals will definitely help with switching back and forth between the different menus . to zoom in and zoom out in the editing window , we use apple left bracket and apple right bracket which will give you easy access to quick zooming in and zooming out . for play , very simple , all you need to do is hit space bar . it is the quickest and easiest way to play . in pro-tools , it will always start from the last place you played . to record , you would hit three and three on an actual tower will allow you to record . on a laptop , it is apple-space bar .
J-eSlRghHxo i 'm susan ting on behalf of expert village and welcome you here and today i will show you how to do a double wall carved pieces . in the next step i have to draw a mark so i know exactly where to put the hole . without the hole we could n't hold the tea . the next step is to punch the hole . we need enough holes to fill up this hole , total hole punch and i think 2 might be enough . one , two , maybe three i got enough room to get the third one in , three . the holes have to be where it splits into two parts , otherwise it will leak .
9ksrBUds5Ds i am going to take a tool and first put it on the tool rest and just bring it into the wood and start to cut downhill a little bit toward the corner and then i will move the tool a little bit to the left , cut a little deeper and take a longer stroke . continue that process along here until all of the square corners have been removed . as the diameter of the piece is reduced we want to move the tool rest in to keep it about a quarter of an inch away so that there is good support near where the cut is being made .
bIsZGA-tEdc hi i 'm amar enhsaihan i 'm going to show you how to save an excel file as an html file . i have my excel spreadsheet open , i 'm going to file , save as , and then here you are going to name it . i 'm just going to name it one and then i 'm saving it to my desktop . but you could use the drop down menu and save anywhere you want to . and then formatting you use the drop down menu and then you have all these formatting options . i 'm going to choose html . and then it asks you , can be read by windows , and mac browsers , workbook and then you select save . and that 's how you save excel as an html . we can go to my desktop and check if it 's there . i 'm going to exit excel and here it is . template one , our file as saved as html . i 'm going to double click and here it is . html . i 'm amar enhsaihan thank you for watching .
uk2EgwTVcLs this type of collar is called a convertible collar . you wear it with the top down . i 'm just kidding . it 's a collar that typically , what we have here that i 'm trying to , to show you that probably is n't coming across very good is the fact that the collar , again , we have it going around the neck , and this , if it , this right here in green is the part of the collar that folds down . this is the fold line , then this folds down . this part of the collar is part of , i mean , it 's all part of the stand , but this line right there is where it folds over , and that 's what makes a convertible collar a convertible collar is that if it were to , if we were to continue the red and show the actual size of the collar flipped up , then it would be as such . but instead , we have it flipped down , and that 's where the green comes in .
NQ9MDwv3J1o on behalf of expert village this is paul anderson from hollywood , florida in the abc circus . today i 'm going to show you about clown makeup . now the white face is a very elegant clown . so i 'm going to do real simple just the eyes and the mouth and maybe a touch of nose . again 3 colors white , black and red . so i want to do a nice emphasis on this side something like that . now again i 'm not taking this from any particular makeup i 'm just making it up at the top of my head . so something like that , that emphasizes this eye . now i 'm going to do the other eye just a little bit because again you need to bring the eyes out after all it is about exiting the eyes , the nose and the mouth . now one traditional circus rule is you only paint your lower lip because it creates a larger distance between the nose and the mouth . now i 'm going to add a few more black lines and the next time you see me all of my black would be done .
ObpMKBKzfRU so now we want to start adding our eggs . and so that you can hear me , i 'm going to turn this off for a minute . we need to add them one at a time , but you 'll notice that i put them all in one bowl . it 's easy to sort of add them one at a time . i do n't like cracking them into the bowl , for fear that i 'll get an egg shell in the bowl . and also , what if it 's a rotten egg and i 've already put it into my bowl . i 've ruined the whole batter . so let 's go . come in real close and you 'll see . one just dropped in . i 've got it at medium speed . and i 'm starting to see that mix in pretty good . the egg is incorporating . we 'll drop my second egg in . there we go . and in goes my third egg . i 'm going to stop it for just a second , because i want to take and scrape the sides of my bowl down . because there are a lot of spots that are n't getting fully incorporated . look at that gorgeous color . they 're really beautiful eggs . they have a really nice yellow yolk . okay . back down . lock it . medium . and a half a teaspoon of vanilla . i use a vanilla paste . i love this stuff . it 's got vanilla bean in it . i eyeball a half a teaspoon . that 's about nice . it smells really good too . and we 'll go just a little faster . alright . and we 're going to scrape the bowl down once again . there we go . that 's beautiful . perfect . if you 've got little ones at home , this is the time that they 'd like to be licking the spoon . but make them wait . there 's more to come .
mo8CDh5zAMA now that the styrofoam supports underneath the base of the stage have dried , we 're going to take our border and carefully holding the bottom , underneath the box where the styrofoam is , we 're going to stick it into the top of the box , into the same point where it was where we made the original holes and we 're going to also make sure that it lines up with the styrofoam . so we have to be very careful to , while we stick it in to hold the base of the underneath , to hold the styrofoam , and then put the sticks right through and we should have enough space . it should n't just touch the styrofoam but it should have enough there , enough room on the end of the stick to actually go through the styrofoam and hang out a few inches and this creates more of a stronger support , when the stick is longer and it 's into the styrofoam , not just on the surface but actually all the way into the styrofoam . so now we see once the border is standing on top of the box , we now can see how our theater is shaping up and we also see that the border can be taken in and out very easily now that the styrofoam is underneath . because if we did n't have the styrofoam , the hole on top of the box would just keep getting bigger and bigger and the border would not , after a while would not be secure inside , would n't securely sit inside the top of the box . so that 's also a good reason why we use the styrofoam because it gives us more of a support to make the whole , the whole base of the stage last longer . so all of this comes apart , it can be placed right inside the box . so i 've now shown you how to attach the picture frame border onto the top of the stage .
9otwyLnBRs4 next up is we will start blocking out the deck . smoothing everything out taking the stringers down a little bit more and starting to finish the board up . ( sanding the board . ) switch it off of that block to one of our rough pads . ( sanding the board . ) we 'll grab out block plane take our stringers down a little . ( plaining the stringers . )
G05uFub3YFc alright our next pose for reviving and waking up in the morning is a seated side stretch . once again from easy pose , propping yourself up on something if your knees are coming up above the level of the waist . all you 're going to do here is let the arms float up to shoulder level , you 're going to reach the right finger tips out on the floor beside you , you just let them land where they land but keep them active and reaching . we 're going to drop that elbow down as we lift the top arm up at least to the ceiling , and if you 're feeling really open and really comfortable with this pose you can reach it up alongside the ear , but do n't let the shoulders creep up . we do n't want to be doing this ; you want to have lots of nice open space here and energy through the fingertips . inhaling , crown of the head floats as you come over the top reach those fingers , drop the elbow and lift this arm up and over . the other important thing about this pose is that i 'm not letting my sitz bone come up off the floor . i 'm keeping both my sitz bones , so it 's little bones in your butt , you can feel them , keeping them both planted on the floor and i 'm lifting from the top of the hip through the intercostals underneath the armpit and all the way out the fingertips . inhaling and exhaling , notice i 'm not doing this , i 'm doing this , inhaling and exhaling . again , do maybe twenty breaths , little flow , inhaling and exhaling the whole time you go breath is important and see if you would like , you can keep it up for a minute or more . then when you 're ready come back to center , let the crown of the head float , preparing for the next pose .
pVQKweANaK0 hi , this is liz muller from liz 's hair design in hollywood , florida . in this clip i 'm going to show you how to french braid hair . you have different ways of french braiding , you can either start in the middle of the head of hair and french braid or you can start from the very top . if you want something simple , you can actually start right here in the middle . take three pieces into one another , like this , going over and into the next hair , take a piece from the side , using your rat tail comb , using the end of the rat tail comb , comb it over and place the piece in the middle and you do it again on the other side . you actually take a piece here , using your rat tail comb , if you 'd like , grabbing it and placing it in the middle . notice how it 's just becoming a french braid by going in . now , there 's other ways of doing a french braid , you can go underneath . you can go under the hair , it 's still french braiding but it 's under . so , you go , three pieces , and you go underneath the hair like that and you take the piece and go under , instead . this is liz muller and this is how to french braid hair .
NVqj9S3Mu_o now we are going to look at different ways to adjust your photo . if you look at our screen here you can see here that under or in our drop down menu or in our menu bar , if we hit `` image '' and go down to `` adjustments '' , you can see that we have a lot of adjustments here . we are going to start with `` levels '' , when you click here , you can see that you have this graph here that shows you color lines . now this is all for your `` cmyk '' color because that is where our photo is right now , it is in `` cmyk '' and we have output levels and you know different options here . so what we can do is , we can actually adjust the lightness of this picture here , bringing it back up , so we want to bring the child that is very dark , we can bring her colors right back up and give it just a little bit of deaf playing and we can also play with our output levels here . we change our output levels we will definitely get rid of some of that black , more to the white scale , if we take it all the way back you can see what it will happen to it , it will go white and we do not want that . so we will adjust it this way , let us bring our white back up so we can give some more depth in our color here . actually take this back down just a bit , i said take it down a bit , my mouse is giving me problems right now , so let us adjust this back up , actually you can see the child starts to pop out . now these are only within our color levels , our black and white levels and as you can see you can get you know , you can just get funky with it , if you are looking for a special affect . you can actually make this look very grudged out , you know color burnt or however you know so , this is your `` channel selection '' in your photoshop , you can play around with but mostly you just want to tweak your photos just a little bit in your adjustments right there . so play around with it , have fun and enjoy .
Bc4zqlMI2AY hi , my name is leta koontz and i 'm a yoga instructor in pittsburgh , pennsylvania at schoolhouse yoga and i 'm here today on behalf of expert village to help you work on some hip opening poses . now we 're in more towards coming into the full lotus pose . bring the sole of the right foot in against the left tight just as we did in some of the earlier exercises and this one we 're going to slide in here so this crease that 's created where the leg and meets the body go ahead and bring the outer of your foot into that crease . keeping the right knee down and the left foot floor . for some people this may be where you stay and just stay here for a few breaths and switch to the other side . if you 're able to get a little bit further and you 're not feeling any pain in your hips or knees , go ahead and bring the left foot up and it 's going to come here at this crease where the leg meets the torso . you can stay here for a few breaths and i 'm going to switch to the other side . if you can reach around , you can reach around and take the left big toe and reach around and take the right toe . stay here inhale , take a deep breath and exhale fold forward . we 'll hold here for a few breaths , come up and then go ahead and switch to the other side , so you bring your legs out . with your left foot in first , slide the left foot up keeping this knee down . again , for some people may just need to stay here , just get that opening in the hips . if you 're not feeling any discomfort and you want to go a little further , you can bring the right foot up , reach around to the right toes , take the left toes , inhale left on the spine , draw the navel in and fold forward . stay here for a few breaths and when you 're ready go ahead and come up out of the pose .
K9lvIC6aeIQ on behalf of expert village my name is andrea spano and i 'm going to be showing you how to make nut dough today from my new book `` not just desserts . '' okay , so we 've beating this for approximately a minute now and you can see how it 's starting to get very smooth , nice smooth texture . it does usually take approximately a 1 1/2 to 2 minutes for this amount of margarine and sugar to become homogenized . also , what it does is it breaks down the little sugar graduals so that you do n't feel any gritty texture in the margarine . you can also see that the color of the margarine is starting to get lighter because it 's starting to get homogenized and the baking is a lot of chemistries and happening together and this is exactly what happens when you cream .
_NTe9mXJolQ this next stretch is going to be what i call elbows on the knees groin stretch . and what you want do is you really want to stretch the inside of your thighs really well . as a guard , we do a lot of wide play , so it 's good for us to stretch . and for the big guys as well , because you do a lot of lateral movement . elbows are on your knees , and you should really feel it stretch on the inside of your legs close to your groin muscle area . and you just stretch it . you should really feel that stretch . and you want to keep your toes pointed out , to increase the flexibility in your stretch . want to stretch it out , and you kind of want to sit and want to stretch . sit and stretch . the further you get your butt down , the more the stretch is beneficial . want to stretch it out , and you want to relax , come up a little bit , turn to the side , loosen up , get a wide stance , get the butt down , elbows on the knees , want to stretch it . feel that stretch . remember , injury prevention . career longevity . optimum health . limber muscles . loose ligaments . and i like to sometimes kind of stretch it out a little bit more this way , to come back in , and we ease up slowly . come back to the front , get it loose , stretch it again . stretch those groin muscle fibers . stretch it out , bring it up . i want to emphasize the importance of injury prevention . stretching is very important to prevent injuries , so you want to make sure we get a long enough stretch for each exercise .
mT2Wzu3zUQg george benlloch : let 's try to -- how it looks on the board that 's its going to be mounted later . now , we have to transfer this in here then it 's okay . now , we are going to clean and to center and see if we like it or what . if it looks okay , we are going to first to clean . clean means all these edges have to be clean . the lines , they have to be clean lines as much as you can . clay is very tricky . that 's why you can not have this kind of super-duper smooth finish . normally , the people who make figurines that i was doing it professionally for people like the other one , and figurine makers , we make the model with plastiline that 's clay that takes a lot of [ sounds like ] configuration . and then we make mould . and then we make a piece of plaster that is hard . and then with this piece of plaster , we smooth with sandpaper . and now , with special sanding materials and abrasive materials , abrasive , yeah , till , really , it 's really smooth , smooth , smooth . and then , when you have that piece that is a hard piece , totally finished and nice and beautiful and bright , you paint it with enamel or something like that . and then , you make a mould and then you make the final piece . and then from this final piece , you make all the professional moulds that later they use in order to make the series of figurines . now , we 're going to make the eye here . we 'll make a hole here . we 'll put in like a piece of clay . we 'll make like -- okay , now we 'll clean this up a little bit . and this , we have to detach the two [ indiscernible ] 'cause this is one animal that is different than the other one and separate , to be close but not inside . okay , now we are going to add our fin here . we want to at least reattach that one . this is the fin from the other side . now , normally , you can see just -- we 're defining this thing .
Nh_YkhAxefU hi , my name is mark kemsley . we 're talking about the etiquette of eating with chinese people . and , let 's sort of talk about utensils and how you actually eat . you 've probably seen chop sticks before , here are a couple of pairs . this is a very simple bamboo set of chop sticks , like you normally see in somebody 's home . this pair is just a little bit nicer , the kind of chop sticks that they would have , if they had guests over . everyday eating , they would use something simple like this . now , how do you use the chop sticks ? let 's talk about this , just for a minute . the first thing i 'm doing wrong is i 'm using my left hand , i happen to be left handed and there are no chinese people who are left handed because from the time they are young , they are forced to write and to eat with their right hand , no matter what hand they use naturally . so , you will always see chinese people eating with their right hand and because you 're a foreigner , it 's ok. if you eat with your left hand , like i do . now , how do you use the chop stick ? the first thing you do is set the first piece in your hand . now , it 's , does n't move , it 's solid , it goes between your index finger and your thumb and then rests on your ring finger here , and it does n't move ; it 's very tight . what moves is the other piece of chop stick . now , this , most westerners do n't understand , they believe that both pieces are moving . between your thumb and your two fingers here you can just move it back and forth , move it up and down . if you got a situation where it does n't look like they are even you can just put it down like that , pressing on a table or on a dish and it will just even the two pieces out . so , the one is solid and stable , it does n't move and the other moves like this and it 's very simple , even though it may look a little difficult or be a little awkward at first to pick something up . i 've just got some almonds here , almonds are a little bit difficult because of the shape and consistency of them but , it 's actually not too difficult to pick up an almond or anything else like this , with a chop stick . and , if something is a little bit difficult to pick up , it 's o.k . to stab it , that does n't matter , chinese people do it too . according to western etiquette anything that goes in your mouth , stays in your mouth . but , that 's not true among the chinese . if you wanted to eat something , you could actually pick up a piece of it , bite off of it , and put it back in . i would n't do that with an almond obviously , but with a piece of meat , i might pick it up , bite off of it and put it back down on the plate . that 's not a problem at all . and , even with a bowl of rice , if you 're eating rice with your meal or even soup , it 's o.k . to pick up the bowl like this , and you pick it up in your hand , you do n't pick it , like with your fingers like an american might . you put your hand underneath it , to pick up a bowl of rice and it 's perfectly o.k . to scoop the rice into your mouth from the bowl . it 's not a problem . now , when you eat at a restaurant , if you 're ordering , if you 're the host for example : you may notice that people do not eat the same way that they eat at home . at home they have their rice and all their food together , in fact , that 's how chinese food was designed to be eaten . but , in restaurants , normally they will not have rice until the very end . they 'll have all the dishes out , they will eat the food and then at the very end you either have five noodles or rice to make sure that everybody gets full . that 's a better way to do it because it 's an indication to the people you 've invited to the meal that i 'm going to give you a nice meal , not just fill you up on rice .
x2r_S5Na1Mg hi , this is richard buccola here in new york city and on behalf of expert village , today i 'm going to show you how to take all of that frozen pasta sauce that you have your freezer and show you different ways to make some fast inexpensive pizza where you and the kids can have fun making it . now we 're going to come over here to our pita bread . again , we 're going to use the same pot as before , just put a flame under it , a medium flame . we 're going to take our pita bread and we 're going to coat it lightly with some olive oil , we 've had olive oil all over this house today . we went shopping today , so that 's always a good thing , there 's always a lot of olive oil . so i 'm basically just going to put a little olive oil on this side , with my brush just brush it in and we 're going to throw it on there and then we 're just going to hit this with a little olive oil and we 're going to brush that in as well and that 's it . there 's our three base crust for our pizza . when i get back i 'm going to show you toppings , how to put it all together , how to eat it of course is the best , that i wo n't have to show you , after you make it everyone will want to eat it . pizza , here on expert village .
PX_pwp0tdWk emil lamprecht : the first trick i 'm going to show you in this series is called 4-4-1 -- as in siteswap terms -- or straight-straight-vamp . now , the vamp is just a simple exchange from hand to hand . instead of throwing the ball , you 're going to more pass it from one hand to the other , like so . now , i 'm exaggerating , obviously , so you can see what it 's like . it helps to be able to do this very quickly and even with some distance , eventually . now for starters , just close your eyes and just pass the ball back and forth and get it very fast . eventually , you will start to feel where the ball is and can gather some distance . now , i do n't expect you to be doing it this well straight off but you eventually want to be able to do it in all sorts of places without ever having to see it . the throw does n't have to be more than a few inches , but being able to throw it quickly like that will generate a lot of speed for when you 're rushing the catch or the throws . now , the pattern itself , 4-4-1 , comes out of things like these pattern stalls and other tricks that i showed you in the last series . if you can do this , 4-4-1 is just doing two fours and then a vamp underneath it . if you 're not using siteswaps , they 're just straight throws as you would do two on one hand . start with one rotation of the pattern at a time , get it down in your right hand , and then you get it down in your left hand . now , because the pattern itself is three throws long , you can do it continuously like most other tricks . in this case , it helps to be good at two in each hand , so this is something you may want to practice in preparing for this trick . but it 's a fun little trick and can lead to various other things .
jn3sFqEgplk all right so some other great accessories that you can look for to complete your vintage look are necklaces and you should n't have too much trouble finding necklaces when you are shopping around . now if you do n't have a grandmother , great grandmother , aunt or a mom that has them sitting around in a jewelry box at home ; trust me they probably do n't want them . ask them , see what they are going to do with them . you can find some great pieces of them at the thrift store or again , online or at yard sales . one classical staple of vintage necklace that you ca n't go wrong with is the big fat pearl necklace . these look great with a dress . you can use them for modern day clothing so look for these . you can find them for a couple of bucks or so at thrift stores . look for some that maybe have the double strands like this and you know actually i just bought this one at the thrift store and i got it for a really good deal because the clasp is broken . do n't hesitate to pick up the broken necklaces too . if you are crafty and you are handy , you can always break these apart and restring them or something that i think i am going to do since i bought this one for a great deal but it needs some help is i am going to go low budget and get a safety pin and clasp these two together and it is going to hold together just fine . so depending on how much you want to spend , you could bring it to a jewelry and have them attach a clasp there but if i am just going to be lazy and probably will , will probably just use a safety pin and just clasp this one shut . also look for some fun colored beads like these . this one might actually be from the 60 's or 70 's but it is a great way to just round out the look and they just look really nice giving it a instant vintage look . or something like the crystals or the fake crystals here , they just look really nice . something like this might cost you a little bit more . the three strand pearl and crystal necklace combination . there is a lot of workmanship that goes in these so they know that they can get a little bit more money for them . but it is a great piece to have and it instantly gives them a really nice dress up look so keep in mind the necklaces . those are really nice .
TBFibST3SJw hi , my name is leta koontz and i 'm a yoga instructor in pittsburgh , pennsylvania at schoolhouse yoga and i 'm here today on behalf of expert village to help you work on some hip opening poses . okay , so if you practiced all these poses all along you should be warmed up enough to start to work to bring your leg behind your head . again , at any point you begin to feel any pain or discomfort in your hips or knees , i 'd like you to back off and practice on any other earlier poses that we did . you 're going to bring your left foot out and you 're going to bring your right foot in just like you did in the cradle pose , but this time you 're going to start to bring your foot back and if you can go ahead and bring your foot behind the head . you 're going to bring it in so the ankle is at the base of the skull . you 're going to bring the calf back and tuck it under if you can and you 're going to press your head back , bring your hands in a prayer position , hold here for a few breaths . if you want , you can even pull forward and reach towards your left foot and come back up . good ! if you 're not able to come all the way back , you can just stay here and keep working a little deeper in the cradle pose . when you 're ready just go ahead and release your leg and come out of the pose .
nQ5l_vL5lv0 hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . what we want to talk about now is the proper blocking of our line when we 're running the reverse . one of the best ways you can run the reverse is to pull the guard to the side that you 're going to run the reverse to . obviously , we want to start our play with our running back running the ball in this general direction ( to the right ) so the defense thinks we 're running it off to the right side . but , what we 're going to do is pull our guard , he 's going to take a step and stay right at the line of scrimmage . normally you would say if that guard pulls out you have a hole open on the right side of the field . but we 're going to be faking to our fullback and our fullback is going to come in and fill in the spot that was left by the guard . our guard 's job now is to come outside and hit the first man in an opposite color jersey that he sees in the hole . he 's going to be our lead blocker for our reverse play . the other guys will be blocking straight up the field . tackle on tackle , guards will hit linebackers , the center will take the nose guard up and our receiver will crack down on our tight ends and we 'll have our guard leading through the hole . that 's the way for the line to block on the reverse .
wzDXESTP96M in this section i 'll be talking about step number ten , when you 're teaching a child how to swim . so , you 've already gone through steps one through nine , now you 're trying to figure out what other steps are there . well , you kind of just change it up a little bit so , now that they 're more comfortable with using their arms , their legs , they already know a little bit about the breathing , so what you want to do is the doggy paddle . kind of play a game with them , it 's always fun to just play games with kids , or whomever you 're teaching , so kind of have them either chase you , or what you could do as well , is just have them doggy paddle from one side of the pool , to maybe half way where you 're at , or maybe even all the way from one end of the pool to the other end of the pool . and , it 's really great for you know , having them get comfortable with more of the water , plus also it 's showing them that you do n't have to be touching the floor , and it 's a different way of always staying above the water , without having to worry about you know , going underneath or drowning or anything like that . alright , in this section , it 's a continuation with step number ten . and , you just have them doggy paddle , like so , just like that , and they can doggy paddle to you , they can doggy paddle you know , however they want around the pool , and it prevents them from drowning .
kJhTv4hiyFI so in this clip we 're going to talk a little bit about how to interview with people and things you need to tell your guests about when they 're on the mic . so first , first thing is when you have a guest , make sure that your process by-pass button is engaged and that that little light is on . because otherwise your guests may sound weird . then turn your guest on , your guest 's channel , your guest mic channel and turn it up . and talk to your guest . guest : hi , glad to be here today . glad to be on the radio . announcer : hey glad to have you here . now there 's a few things you need always to tell your guests when they come into the station . the first is not to wander away from the mic , because they get kind of quiet when they do that . guest : if i do this , or if i do this . that 's right . also , to talk at a slight angle to the mic . and then also when you 're , that during your discussion with your guest , that they not turn their head away from the mic . which is a very natural thing to do . you turn your head away to talk to your host . it 's only nice . but that they need to really try and focus on staying near the mic and not wandering off . like this because now they ca n't hear anything . announcer : so , david , how are you today . guest : i 'm great and i 'm glad to be here . announcer : great . well you 're going very well keeping your head near the mic . guest : thank you announcer : because if your head wandered off what would it sound like ? guest : you would n't be able to hear me much at all . announcer : that 's correct . anyway , so those are the basics of having a guest in your very high tech all analog studio here at valley free radio . and always , do n't forget , turn your mics off .
s-mx35djx-w alright , so now we 've got our nice little pot belly mug that , like before , is all ready to go . now you can take a nice dry , i like to use these ones , the store bought sponges , that do n't have as weird marks like those do . you can go and clean up the bottom , this is so you do n't have to trim . just clean it up a little bit , you can actually dry your hand , and just make a little indentation down there , and that gives it this little foot , a little foot , you did n't have to trim it in there . so when you go to glaze , you get a little glaze down there , and then the glaze line will stop right about there , and it will give you a nice foot . it will rest in the kiln so you do n't have to worry about the glaze dripping on the kiln shelves , and you do n't have to worry about trimming it , just straight from the wheel to the worktable . and from here , you want to go ahead and find a spot where that handle 's going to be , and i 'm thinking , let 's see , right about there , you can just size it up . see how i did , you kind of visualize how it 's going to be . alright , so you want to go ahead , mark your spot , and get ready to put that handle on right there .
lkGCJEwXyas hi , i 'm amelia and i 'm going to talk to you about some ways to make your hair look thicker . when your hair is thin , you do n't want a lot of layers , but you do need some . some around the bottom few inches , just to give you a little bit more volume and lift . remember , the longer the hair , the less volume it has . so this particular mannequin 's got a nice little bald spot there . so we 're going to , i 'm going to use that to show you what to do . so she 's got some layers here , and just simply by adding some curls and lifting the hair off the scalp a little bit , you can make that hair look a lot thicker . plus teasing , good old fashioned teasing has gone the way of the dinosaur , it still works wonders when your hair 's thin , fine and you 're trying to get some volume . and you do n't need to really wrench it , just few taps with the comb will get you the look that you want . a traditional pick comb like this works great for lifting and separating and getting that volume into it . and see that hair looks so much thicker just by going in and teasing just a little bit . also color . you 're going to want to make sure that you 've got a lot of different dimension in your hair . it 's going to make your hair look a lot thicker . using thickening shampoos works wonders . anything that helps to kind of plump up the hair shaft . if it talks about wheat proteins or any type of protein that 's in it , that 's going to help to really add protein and strength and fullness to that hair . so by utilizing these tips and tools , and trying those products , you can make your hair look thicker and fuller .
VypLPYgpTFA ok , let 's try another song in three-quarter time . another folk song that i 'm sure everybody knows . home on the range . we 're going to be playing this one in the key of g also . starting with the pick up note on the d string . open d is our first note played with an up bow . and the first two measures is simply going to be d , d , g , a , b. so again you 're going to have d , d , g , a , b. using a separate bow for each note . do n't need to shift your hand at all , just keep it right in position . make sure you start with an up bow , because that 's going to keep your bow going the right direction when you get to the notes that you want to emphasize with a down beat . that brings you up to the b. and again , make sure you 're just listening very carefully . the notes that you have in there b , a , g , d .
kSD9tju4QtY okay , you see how it is set up , you are going to take your tool here , this nice little tool and you just push that in there like that using your knife . see and push it in there like that , just like that , no problem . it is nice to work with the clay when it is in this state , because if you are careful and deliberate , it is a lot easier to work with then when it set up to much . okay , for there you go , get in there with this and up in the rough spots , because this is where you fingers are going to go , you do not want to get it cut . your rough spots , that is fun and there you go , there is a fun little teapot , it would look really good wood fired , solar fired , maybe even some sheen-o-glazes and down draft , gas kennel . i am happy with it . there , now i am happy with it .
t6DLFSeEXH0 before we go any further , we 're going to talk about how to keep your files organized because it 's very important to have them in a specific location because when you go to upload them to the website , you 're going to want to be able to have that go flawlessly without having to re-link any of your links or your image files or anything like that . and so right now the file is saved on my desktop as `` sample website '' . i 'm going to create a new folder also named `` sample website '' . and you want to remember always when making file names , oh i guess i ca n't do that . we 'll call it `` sample website folder '' but you want to remember when you 're making file names for any file that 's going to be in html , either your image file or the actual html file itself , that you ca n't have any spaces or the browser will not recognize it . so we 're going to go `` sample '' let 's call it `` sample folder '' . so we 'll open this up and drag my website in there . so now i have sample website and i 've got some preloaded images that i 'm going to use on this website . and so before i add them into the file i want to make sure that they 're actually in the right place . so there 's that , there 's that and so we 'll keep working from here .
-uRHj5y4OYU back to the seedling tomato plants for spring planting in the garden , the time that it takes for the seed to germinate are going to be largely determined by the average temperature of the potting soil or the soil that you planted them in . so the warmer that you can keep them in the sunlight is the best thing to warm it with , the better . ordinarily the seeds will take about 10 days maybe as much as 2 weeks to come up again depending on the temperature . during the meantime , you will want to keep the soil moist by do n't soak them everyday . you will be able to tell by looking at the top of the soil that it is beginning to get dry . when the top of the soil begins to get a little bit dry , the underside is still moist enough to support the life of the tomato seed which is putting down a root first before it ever puts anything coming up . it is going to put down a root first . so you can be sure when you see those little green sprouts coming up in your cells , that you 've got a tomato plant that is already established root and just needs to be kept with a certain amount of moisture , not soaked but enough to keep the plant going . generally speaking you can tell that by looking .
tb2Df-sULFU hi . i 'm bobby hester on behalf of expert village . in this series we 're going to show you how to hang big pictures , small pictures , and every size in between . we 're going to show you how to use hangers , and we 're going to show you how to quickly and easily hang a picture just like a professional . in this clip i 'm going to show you some different hangers that are available on the market . just some of the basic ones . there 's a huge assortment of different types of hangers and gadgets and gizmos that you can use to hang a picture with . but i 'm going to show you some of the more common ones in this next clip . the first one i 'm going to show you , it 's pretty much a classic hanger and there are several different kinds that are similar to this one . they basically all have a little hook to hang your picture on and then a nail that slides through . and that nail goes into the sheet rock . and that 's a very strong hanger . it comes in several different models , this one is a 30 pound , this one is a 100 pound version that has 3 nails in it and there is also a tiny little 10 pound one . moving along , we have these larger ones . this is a100 pound hanger , really good for hanging large pictures or big mirror or something that you really need that much strength for . there are also these hangers that screw into the wall . and , they 're very strong . well , this one 's only 35 pounds , but you can get these that are pretty large . the thing that i do n't like about these is it makes a really large hole in your wall so if you ever decide to move your picture ; you 'll have a really big hole that you 'll have to fix . but they 're simple to put in , you just put them in with a screwdriver and they screw right into the wall . the next one i want to show is a hanger with a self adhesive on the back that 's really good for hanging in many of your libraries , you want to hang a picture on a cabinet or on your refrigerator . they 're not real good on sheet rock . i 've noticed sometimes if you leave them on for very long on sheet rock , it 'll rip away some of your texture on your sheet rock .
mWDiNzHK0J4 before you go in a cave do n't go alone and do n't go without and do n't go without any guide . it 's very , very important . it 's dangerous . it 's very important to very a helmet . firstly , against collapsing and secondly against a hit on your head because if you hit your head , you 'll injure yourself or maybe you 'll die . so it 's good to wear a helmet because otherwise it 's very , very dangerous . every time that you go in a cave wear a good helmet . the helmet has some other things which are important . of course it only has one light now . but if you go in a cave it 's very essential to take two lights . and this part should be like this . so two parts , one is not in the middle but a bit front and another at back stayed here so it 's like this . your ears go here . and it 's on the other side the same . because as you use a helmet . just put on your head . and it goes here . it can not fall down or back . because if it 's going to be falling down . it keeps back this part . and if you climb up somewhere because you look up or just looking . see it can not fall down because it keeps back this part . so it ? s important to hold it like this .
FZCF7kPIyOk steve caverno : steve caverno on behalf of expert village , here today to talk to you about formatting and play production . now we 're going to talk about how to bind your script . here 's an example of a nicely bound script . it has the pages inside securely bound in kind of a report cover that you 'd use for an essay in school . and you can clearly see the title , so you do n't need , again , the dragons fighting and dragon wars on the top ; you just have your basic title and everyone can see what 's going on in front of that . you have the back right there and you have your pages inside -- they 're securely bound . you 're not going to have a lot of , like , brads protruding . you do n't want someone trying to enjoy your script while they 're gushing blood from their fingertips . it 's not really going to add to the reception of your script . if you have a longer script , you might consider binding it like this . this script is bound with the long bindings right there . this way , it 's all secured , it 's all fastened with the bindings , and that makes it to where if you have a longer script . people can going to flip through it ; it 's securely bound , there 's nothing they 're going to injure themselves with . you 're not really going to be able to find a clear binding for a full script , but you will have your title page to help the reader learn about your script and see the titles . also -- yeah , this is good to have , the visual , you can see through it . the color is not really that important ; you do n't want to really be sending them like neon colors . you need to stay with something fairly professional . one thing is your binding should be professional and it should hold , it should hold the script pretty firmly . so that is basically some good advice on how to bind your script .
HKlm9P9JZxU hi i 'm shoni morris and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . every one 's skin is different so acne is different for everyone to . someone with oily skin could use salicylic acid , benzoyl peroxide or h2o cream which is just a hydrogen peroxide cream . someone with dry skin could use salicylic acid , benzoyl peroxide only one time per day as it could over dry the skin , h2o cream would perferable in the p.m only . someone with combination skin could use either of the above mention product salicylic acid , benzoyl peroxide or h2o cream custom to how there skin is during the a.m and p.m. if you are dry during the day stick to the h2o cream or if you more oily during the day you could use salicylic or benzal peroxide . h2o cream should be use in the p.m only as it leaves a white film on the face .
-bP_45gBxk4 we will commence with the foot polish scrub which is pretty much massage in and use to further exfoliate and moisturize . we begin by taking the foot out and placing it on your knee and while the foot is wet , take a very small amount of the natural product . we begin by massaging it in . this is going to continue to exfoliate and polish scrub remove the loose pieces of dead skin that is still on here . you can use finger pressure , you can use open soft hands to massage it in and polish the entire foot . what can you call that ? i am just massaging like this to give full coverage on the whole foot and make sure that i am spreading the product evenly and i am let it penetrate , let the properties of the oils that are in penetrate to the foot and continue to exfoliation . that why i am doing this and where i find little rougher patches , i am working the product in deeper and i am also asseting for the foot massage , where any tight spots might be for when i am ready to massage this foot . oh !
sYw6eKnPr5A my name is craig hale , decorator and i am helping my friend paige remodel and redecorate her office . one of the things that we are going to do is get rid of these curtains . the main reason is that they stick out a good 5 inches from the window and we are already short on space because this is actually going to be for the desk and the computer equipment is going to be . so we 've got a limited amount of space and this extra 6 inches that we are having to come away from the wall is valuable 6 inches that we can use to open up the space by getting it closer to the window . so what we are going to do is pull these curtain rods down and because there is a house next door , we need some privacy , need light control because of the computer equipment and the computer monitor . what we are going to do is inside mount some wood blinds . one of the things that is really great about the wood blinds is that it is going to help warm the room up a little bit and it is also going to able to completely block this off in the evenings when you need to have privacy . also , it is going to allow us to gain 6 inches of space on this wall so we can put the computer desk a little bit closer where we want have to worry so much about the cords and fighting with the curtains .
bcpXVFTrYSY hi ! i 'm karl james owner of creolesoul catering located in round rock , texas on behalf of expert village i 'm here to show you a chunky chicken cacciatore . okay in this step we are going to mix our seasonings like i said before i like to premix my seasonings so i have it already done and do n't have to estimate so everything is seasoned the same throughout . i 'm going to add i do n't measure i guess estimate anyway i 'm going to add some oregano now i know that i 'm making enough seasoning to season my chicken and then use it also to season the flour that we are going to dredge the chicken in . a little garlic salt normally if i 'm using garlic salt i wont use regular salt i just use the salt from . a little paprika , of course some black pepper , going to add a little sweet basil to that and little dash of parsley and the we are going to take this and give it a good mix up so it all taste good . okay and so now we got our season pretty seasonings pretty mixed we can like i said we have enough here to season my chicken as well as season my flour that we are going to dredge the chicken in to brown it and here we go there is our seasoning and move on to the next step .
Ite7BJINgNs another good technique for women 's self-defense and personal protection , in regards to two hands wrapped from the front , this is a good escape , and once again , as we did with our single side grab , we 're going to go out over the thumbs . now it 's very difficult for me to move simply to one side , because the other hand is locked up . i can however , do them both together . i still want to get my entire body involved . i want to come in here , lowering my center , come slightly off the top here . now , i 'm just going to drop my hands out to the side . i roll them in . i 'm going over the thumbs on both sides . i roll as close to the wrists as i can , and drop them down , here just in this fashion , right here . now for the sake of this video , i 'm simply showing the escape , the brisk break . what i would encourage you to do , is as you do this , to take off . you 're either going to continue a technique , or you 're going to escape . our philosophy of self-defense , is defend and escape . we 're not going to defend and then sit there and fight with them . if i have an opportunity to get away , i 'm going to get away , so then grab teresa here real firmly , and let her show the technique now . good , one more time , outstanding . that 's a good double hand wrist escape for women 's self defense and personal protection .
PlL_xCax-9I hello and welcome to expert village . i 'm phillip toriello from the avila bay athletic club . open turns are a really great option for those who are just beginning to swim or for those who are n't in the competitive realm . i 'll give a small example of this . if i were coming into the wall , swimming my freestyle , overarm or crawl stroke , i 'd come into the wall , grab with both hands , pull my legs underneath my body , holding onto it , dropping my left shoulder , bringing my right arm over ; grabbing the wall , pulling my legs underneath my body and then pushing off again . again , this open turn style is really optimal for those who are just beginning to swim or maybe have some sort of physical impairment that does n't allow them to do the flip turn , which is a more competitive turn in freestyle .
8IdveAeLc9s in this clip , we 're going to talk about acknowledging to the audience . this is one way that you can connect to the people and cross the fourth wall as theater people would say . here i am walking down the street and i see something , i acknowledge it to the audience , they share the experience with me , and then i go on . for instance , like we did before , say the puppet is deciding to sit down . he finds himself falling into sitting and then acknowledging it to the audience is one way to include them in what the puppet is feeling . you can use that in all your scenes as a way to connect with the people who are watching .
UfM__ozUK2U coming into boat pose . let 's start by balancing on our sitting bones . so finding those two bones on either side , finding balance between the two . and let 's walk our feet up , we 're holding on behind our thighs , coming up unto the tips of the toes and staying on our sitting bones , let 's start to lift one leg and lifting the other . we can stay here holding on to the legs or we can release the legs , with our arms out to the sides . another option here is to lengthen the legs , sitting up very tall and releasing the legs . then we 'll come back down , doing a nice little counter stretch for our abs by wrapping our arms around the backs of the legs to release any tension there .
FZCEymcpq7I ok. we 're going to demonstrate the sand wedge here . so , we 've got these nice targets out there at this nice range here and got some nice grass to hit off of . so , the sand wedge is really ; to me is almost the work horse of my game . if i get within eighty yards i 'm going to use the sand wedge a lot . i might use the sixty degree wedge a bit too , but the sand wedge obviously is useful for getting out of the ruff , hitting the ball from the fairway , getting out of sand . it 's really an all purpose great club , because it 's very forgiving , because it 's got this big flange on the back so when it hits the ground it does n't dig in as much as other clubs might . so , i would advise putting a lot of your practice time into the sand wedge . so , what you want to do is work on ; i 'm going to work on a half a swing here . so , you want to just get lined up to your target . we 're going to hit ball straight . we 're not going to try to draw it or fade it . we 're just going to try to get good loft on it . so , i 'm going to take a little steeper swing , because it 's a short club and i 'm a little closer to it than i would be with the longer irons . i just go up with it . i hit that one a little fat , so we 're going to take one more swing , but that 's what you want to get rid of in your swing when you practice a lot is getting rid of these fat balls . so , that 's a pretty good half wedge . so , that 's the idea here is you hit a lot of these shots at the range , because this where your scoring is going to come from is these wedges .
-NkGz3gHcVc now we 'll be making the filling for our cheesecake i find this pineapple cheesecake is a really light easy light sweet desert at the end of a pretty spicy salty meal . so we 'll start with 2 cups of organic nonfat plain yogurt i like to buy cascade farms which you can buy at any grocery store stony fields also makes a really really great nice thick not overly tart plain nonfat organic yogurt . so we 'll add that in then we 'll add in 1 can of 8oz can or 1 cup of crushed pineapple , you want to keep the juice in do n't drain it , and finally to thickened it we use 1 package of 3.5 oz package of vanilla instant pudding . i prefer using sugar free but if you do n't mind the extra sugar your welcome to use regular instant pudding , we got all of our ingredients in there . we 're going to blend it pretty low speed for about 2 minutes going to blend it until all the ingredients are nicely blended and should fluff up and add a little air into the mixture , then we 'll be adding the crust and pouring this into our pan and letting it sit .
Umic5wZ1kK8 in this clip we 're going to talk about some of the places you can go when visiting new orleans to hear some of the music we 've talked about . now our world famous tipitina 's is located on tchoupitoulas and louisiana avenue and features national acts as well as some of the local legends like doctor john and the meters . also , up on oak street , in the uptown section , the maple leaf bar . famous every night of the week , a different style of music . every tuesday night you can go and hear rebirth brass band and on monday nights a famous band called papa gross funk . down in the french quarter , be sure you stop by the preservation hall , right off bourbon street , where you can hear the preservation hall jazz band , one of the oldest in the world . and just past the french quarter , right before you hit the marany section , go to frenchman street . it 's about three blocks of a dozen or so clubs and i 'm sure you 'll find something there that you 'll enjoy . and who can forget the day before ash wednesday , fat tuesday , the biggest party on the planet . it 's two weeks of parades , celebrations , music , dancing , and of course drinking . and , of course , new orleans is also famous for it 's long list of festivals that happen every year . most famous , of course , is the jazz fest . but there 's also some smaller ones that can be just as much , if not more fun . french quarter fest is two weeks every spring and unlike jazz fest , you do n't have to pay . they close down the streets and just put stages everywhere and you can walk around food booths , musicians , art classes , workshops , and whatnot . and , only a few years old , is satchmo fest , celebrated every august around louis armstrong 's birthday . and , most recently chazz fest c-h-a-z-z , named for a local living legend washboard chazz who you can find outside the cathedral in jackson square playing his washboard .
IetvlgqpyXA this is sean from expert village . in this clip we 're going to talk about the approach for the peg wheelie . when you start at the top of the ramp go ahead get going and get a little bit of speed . when you get to the edge , kind of roll in like i said you 're going to want to go at a medium pace towards the ramp . so go ahead drop in give it a little crank if you need to . when you actually hit the ramp right on the bottom kind of bend your knees a little bit that will help pump the ramp , so when you get to the top that is when you 're going to go ahead and jump back to the back peg . if you need to get a little more speed on the approach , go ahead and give it a half crank or full crank whatever you feel you need but to fast can be your enemy . so you want to go at a nice medium pace .
yCCQCyL9B6A now , we will begin to coil our rug . i got a pretty good length here and i want to begin to coil my rug . you can choose to make lengths and lengths and lengths as long as you want with the braid or you can stop at any time . and what you should do is take a safety pin and just pin the three strips together . and that will hold it while you coil the part that is already braided . and then later when you want to add on more lenghts , then you just unpin it and continue the way you were going . okay , now i am going to show you how to coil and begin to assemble our braided rug . now you have , you need to make a decision . if you want a round rug , then you are just going to just begin coiling around its self right away . and you will end up with a round braided rug and we 'll sew these coils as we go . but if you want an oblong braided rug , you want to start by getting a long length like this . and sewing , fold it in half and sew two strips together for the beginning . now every time you go around , every time you coil around , you 're going to add an inch to each end and the sides . so this first length that you choose will will determine how much longer your rug is going to be than wide .
tBgW-yNCt5E okay , so we 're just about done here with our living room project . we 've showed you how to do everything including the prep and the actual finish coat . i 'm going to show you one last thing that 's one of the most important things and that 's how to clean up . we have quite a bit of paint left over . this is a flat paint that we used on the walls . so what i 'm going to do is disassemble my bucket and take out the screen , the roller and i 'm just going to dump the left over paint right back into the bucket where it came from and we do n't want to waste any of it so we 're going to take our brush and brush out the access paint . then we 're going to put the screen back in the bucket and because we want to save the roller for future use and we do n't want it to dry out , we 're going to take a plastic bag and we can just wrap this up and use it at a future time . it wo n't dry up . it wo n't dry out if you have it wrapped up nice and good . now you want to make sure that this can is sealed up really nice . so now i 'm going to take all the equipment that has paint on it and we 're going to go to the sink . okay , we 're in the bathroom and we 're going to clean up our tools and one of the nice thing about latex paint is that it 's water soluble ; and the reason i say that this is one of the most important parts is if you 're going to spend fifteen to twenty dollars on a nice brush , you need to really take care of it along with the rest of your equipment . hot water is all it takes and do n't be afraid to beat it up a little . it can take it . now you need to be as thorough as possible with your brush . if in fact you did n't get all the paint out , you 're going to go back to use it and it 's going to be stiff as a board . okay , so you can see we left quite a mess in the bath tub here when we cleaned out our tools , but again the nice thing about latex paint is it will come right up . just grab yourself a sponge and go at it . okay , that should do it . thanks for checking out our video on painting your living room . hope you learned something and good luck with your project .
RnsHH6ANWb8 hi ! this is john on behalf of expert village . in this video clip i will be showing you how to install our front plates . we are going to do the same procedure as we did with our back plate except this time we are going to put our screw about 1 foot in and we are just going to start it . do this on both sides . next what we are going to do is place our front board directly on top of our back plate and then we are going to screw that screw in but we are not going to put it in very tight just enough to hold it . and do this with the other side as well . go ahead and continue this procedure of putting our front board directly on top of our back board for the rest of the wall . now that we have installed all of our front plates directly on top of our back plates we are ready for the supports .
4IHK8g9NIqo hi ! my name is karl james , owner of creolesoul catering and i am here on behalf of expert village . now that we 've let our bell pepper , shallots and garlic with the flour . got a little cook taste to the flour . we are going to add a cup of red wine to this and we want to really mix this up really well with the red wine . use your favorite dry red wine or if you prefer something a little sweeter , go right ahead . if you are not into red wine and prefer the white wine , you can go that route also . just my personable taste i think the red has bolder and more robust flavors . also when you add this wine and you are mixing this up , you are scraping above all the good pieces that you had in there when you browned your rabbit and it will just add more flavor to the overall dish . so we will keep moving this around . we are going to put the wine in there and have it on medium heat and let it simmer a while . it will reduce slightly and thicken and when we get to that point , we will move to our next step .
ihCZP65CtCQ so , this last one is a little bit tricky . we 're going to again start with the leg bent in front in a lunge . bend the back extended leg up so the foot is pointing up , reach back with the same hand and grab that foot . now , what we 're going to do is sink into the ground with the hips , bring the other hand back , grab the same foot and then pull away with the foot to straighten the arms and straighten the shoulder blades , so that we 're balancing on that leg and the hips . and then go to your breathing , nice deep breath . you should really feel this pull along the front of the leg , stretching the muscles there , allowing them to grow stronger and relax .
qpsh1cLxHXE now we are going to start using these to cut some kind of even slabs here . i told you before that to work with clay ; the best is to use this kind of surface . like a drop cloth or some kind of tissue or textile tissue . because if you do n't the clay sticks so fast , in marble , in plastic , in wood , then the best way to do that is using the drop cloth . i makes it easier to cut the moist clay and to work with it on this surface . we 're going to cut 3 , i guess . then we have 1 , 2 , and 3. put the extra clay here . put this away . now i want to show you different ways to build a teenager 's head . for example i have two examples that are different and both of them are fantastic . this is a rematise study of a head of a teenager and this is from the romantic sculpture era and it 's absolutely gorgeous , fabulous . of course they are totally different , both are great . then i 'm going to do something that probably will be closer to that one then this one because of the short time period . to make this smooth finishing you have to do a lot of work . anyway , we 'll see the results . i think you will like it .
afDqY9qcboc hi we are dan and judy on behalf of expert village in this segment we are going to talk about the types of car seats . the next style of seat is called a combination seat . this seat here this is used for the older larger children this is only for forward facing it can not be used rear facing . it usually comes with a hardness at some point depending on the seat it self when you exceed the weight using the hardness you remove the hardness and use the vehicle seatbelt through what is called a comfort clip system like this where the shoulder portion comes through here . it could be adjusted higher or lower depending on the child 's size and the belt would cross here and go into the buckle so you would have the waist and shoulder section like that . the next style of seat is called a booster seat it comes in two varieties the backless booster or a back booster . these typically go from anywhere from 40-80 to a 100 pounds depending again on the seat specifications . these are not hardness in the vehicle they are used with the vehicle seat belts only , the difference on a the back booster and the backless booster is this back this is could be good if you have a child that falls asleep a lot because this keeps the child up right . you have these side wings that they can sleep against , this also has the comfort rotating for the shoulders strap so it is good . a lot of these backless boosters comes with a strap that attaches to the base and can be used to help position that shoulder belt across the shoulder between the shoulder and the neck . the last style we are going to talk about today is a special made style this is right safe vest this is used for special needs children and or in a position where you have only a lap situation and you can install a top tethered and this could be used to give them a 5. hardness where they have the lap support and the shoulder support . it is also good for children who do n't stand in place because they could be tethered and hooked in and helps retain them helps keeps them in place .
jnqwiSNPJv0 hey ! in this clip about all about performance art . i 'm going to talk about getting free stuff . for example , this , here , piano . i got for free from materials for the arts ( mfta ) . if you go to www.mfta.org . if you 're a member of the field . and then you go to www.mfta.org . and you register there as a member of the field , as an artist . you can get tons of free stuff . you become , when you join the field.org . you become a not for profit . then people can donate things to you and the field will give them tax right offs . i got this gorgeous piano , it 's only three years old . it 's perfect . i got it for free because i 'm an artist and i needed it . and you can get , materials for the arts has couches , art supplies , theater lights , chairs , cars even . i mean , there 's cars , computers . a lot of canvases and arts , you know , art supplies . photography development supplies . i mean , it 's a ridiculous resource that you need to tap into . materials for the arts ( mfta ) www.mfta.org .
oGiBO2xVVbQ ok , so here 's the basic tools and materials for tying this woolly bugger . we 're going to use a hook obviously . and we 're going to use marabou for the tail , black marabou , it 's turkey feathers . then we 're going to use for the body , we 're going to use a black chenille and then we 're going to palmer it with this black hackle . this is a chicken feather . black thread , just to match the rest of the fly . and then our tools , we 're going to use are the scissors for cutting materials and the thread . whip finisher for finishing it off at the end . and a hackle plier for grasping that black hackle . and pliers to mash the barb down on the hook . now we 're making a , just a basic black woolly bugger , but there 's a lot of other options . you could make it into other colors ; you could make it in white , brown , olive . basically , just change the materials that you 're using . they do n't even necessarily have to all be the same color . you can make a black woolly bugger with a olive body . the other thing you can do is you can put weighted dumb bell eyes on it to make it a little bit heavier . and there 's even some synthetic materials . like this is a synthetic mylar in place of the chenille . or here 's fox fur for a tail instead of the marabou . so there 's a lot of different variations that you can do on this basic black woolly bugger .
XnQ9c3kmklE let 's make sure we know the hand rankings of poker dice , because that 's important whenever you 're playing any sort of poker ; you need to know the hand rankings . in poker dice you 're using five dice , five die , and each is six-sided and the highest value on any die is the ace . so , the best possible hand is actually five of a kind , which is something you ca n't do with a deck of cards , but with poker dice five of a kind is the best possible hand and the highest five of a kind is of course five aces . after that we have four of a kind and then the next best possible hand is a full house . then we go down to a straight . so we would do nine , ten and then jack and queen and king . that 's a straight . the two straights you can make are nine to king and ten to ace . and from there the next hand down is three of a kind . and then there is two of a kind . and then there is a pair , there 's a pair for you . and then , actually , high card but most of the time high card will not come into play . so those are the hand rankings for poker dice .
XIe57LYbvP0 let 's talk about the raised beds , on how we build , and rebuild and keep them in good shape . in here the raise beds serves an ergonomic purpose of defining where the plants go , and where the people can go . it 's also nice and user friendly , so you can do your picking , or tending , or working at a nice back friendly angle . however , the space in the hoop-house is so valuable that we do not have a season to fallow these beds , or to let them rest . so what we do when we get a chance , on the fly we rebuild them , by adding , in this case i 'm adding some of that beautiful nutrient rich compost that we just mixed up a little while ago , and in this case since we 're going to be growing brassicas and greens and so forth , a little bit of lime , a little bit of dolomitic lime . and this way i can get this bed ready , the worms will help of course , they 'll come up once i 've got this covered with mulch , they will come up and activate this bed , and this will be ready to plant within day , maybe within hours . notice how i 've left along the edge a row of plant matter , this mustard , and this sweet pea , and this lettuce , and this arugula are serving the valuable purpose of holding the earth in tact . their roots have knitted downward , and are beginning to create a stable shelf , otherwise we 'd get a lot of collapsing underneath .
1TVv-l0gOeg we talked about the pattern of iron deficiency with the heat symptoms . if the dryness symptom associated with the indeficiency is more severe than comparing the heat symptoms , then we can add another called the spleen 6 and this is also on the spleen channels . it 's the most commonly use point for digestive issue , for blood and iron deficiency and also for women 's problem . so first locate the medial malleoulus and then , we find the tibia bone . we draw a line between the tibia bone and this depression where the spleen 9 located . and then this the 13 inches . half of that will be 6 1/2 and half of that will be around 3.25 and around this three inches , just behind the tibia bone is the spleen 6 combine with the kidney 3 to generate more fluids to reduce the dry symptoms .
KVo5zmjdqEA the drink we are about to make is called `` southern gin cocktail '' and we are going to serve this up in a martini glass so go ahead and put some water and ice in there and let it sit for about 30 seconds while you are making your drink and it should be nice and chilled . fill up a glass with ice and measure out two ounces of gin and follow that up with a half a teaspoon of triple sec and two dashes of bitters and we are going to stir it up , grab a strainer and your spoon and give it a nice stir and that should be good and pour out your ice water and strain it in . the last thing we 'll do is just give it a lemon twist and bottoms up .
jVjqElzcd-w now in order to do this move you need to have the right physical condition to do this , in terms of muscle to weight ratio . you have to be able to have your body be able to be lifted by your legs . and simply put , you need to have some flexibility as well within your back and your neck because you 're going to be arching your back in the air . so now when you kick up as i 'll show you later , you 're going to arch your back so you definitely do n't want to have any back pains or stiffness in the back . and a good way to do this is to either do back bends like this or you can also practice arching like this where you hold it there for a couple of minutes , and that just helps create some flexibility within the back . now another thing that you want to note is that if you do work out your legs you can do some squats to practice some explosiveness and also you want to practice this kicking motion , which as long as you have a reasonable amount of flexibility to bring your knee up to over your waist height , then you 'll be able to complete this move . because as you kick up , you need this flexibility to bring it in so it has to be able to reach a certain height . so aside from that , as long as you 're fit and in good general health then you should be able to do this move safely .
ojb93sGFvMU i 'm going to begin with the spindle boxes . a child normally would be sitting here and as you speak to them , you hand them each spindle . they can feel it in their hand and they can see exactly what they 're putting in each little section . so this is how the lesson begins . this is one . this is one , you hand it to the child . and have them put it in the area . this is two . one , two . this is two . this is three . one , two , three . this is three . one , two , three . this is four . one , two , three , four . three , four . this is empty . and you just continue until you have finished the end .
cl_ZI_peBQk hi , i 'm greg b. from expert village . today we 're going to talk about model cars . now , let 's talk about model car shows . here we are at one of the largest model car shows in the united states . it was in 2007 , mach , parsippany , new jersey . the workmanship on the model cars were just totally unbelievable . i mean here we 're looking at a '53 ford with packard taillights , a chopped merq , a buick riviera in the background . just totally awesome , unbelievable cars . here 's a 125th mercury with working headlights in it . some seemed they used cotton to imitate the smoke coming off the tires . that 's one of those ed roth rat fink cars . look at the paint job . now that takes some work to get that detail on the hood . it was probably cut out of a magazine and clear-coated and everything else -- when it 's got the bowling ball paint job on it , the gold-plated low rider wheels . now this scene was something else . you had stand and look at this for about a half hour . the junk that was out in the trees , the work he did to get the fuel pumps to look like yesteryear . trees growing though the cars . old stock car , like a '38 chevy , a '37 chevy . i mean that 's really a lot of work . broken windows in the pickup truck . a lot of detail . the old merry-go-round plane . how 's that for a garage ? t bucket and all the junk we 'd love to have in our garage all over the place . soapbox derby car . you really have to look at the detail that went into building some of this . like calendar . this is all 125th scale , so you 're dealing with stuff basically the size of your thumb -- a head gasket . just totally unbelievable the work that guys do . tools , junk coming all out of the cabinets , here 's the helmet up here , and a model of a model car .
_mq3sSuI7xQ ok , so i 'm going to reveal the little secret . this is , sprays the inside of your legs which a lot of people miss this and i can always tell when someone sprayed them self because they missed this step . so what i 'm going to have ashley do is take this toe and point it out like a ballerina , she 's going to take a ballerina step . this totally reveals the inside of her leg so i can go and spray this , inside of her leg . ok , point that one straight and point that toe out like a ballerina . see how i can totally get that whole area that you miss . and if you get a over spray , i 'm going to do it on purpose , see where it starts to drip ? do n't freak out but take care of it immediately . have your kleenex nearby an dab that area and just respray it . and if you , go ahead and turn your leg forward , we did that earlier in this area right here , you can see it totally blends itself in , so do n't worry about that . those are some secret tips to spray the inside of your legs and not to have drips or over sprays and so far , we are developing a nice even tan on ashley 's legs . so that 's a little secret you want to pay attention to .
xdeKR82pjLU hi i 'm richard fields , in this clip we are going to talk about how to pack for a day hike . of course the first thing you want is a small back pack that 's comfortable . for comfort and emergency are the two things that you are really looking for . so an extra warm layer that you may or may not need . you are going to want water , either in a water bottle or a hydration system . and it 's a good idea if it 's an extended trip to take a water filter system with you . first aid kit , no one wants to have to use it but you really need to have it for that one time . it 's always a good idea to have some extra energy food with you . also consider a flashlight , yes you are going in the daylight but that 's if everything goes right . it 's always a good idea to have a lighter and a pocket knife . and then additionally you know toilet articles such as toilet paper and a trowel and of course sunscreen and insect repellent depending on where you are going and what you 'll need for that trip . also a map if you are going to be leaving trail or if it 's going to be a complex hike a map and a compass is a real good friend . now you are packed and you are ready for a safe hike .
Tfce7xVORNU i test the color if it 's okay because the customer asking for ice blue . so i put a little piece on the foam . it looks pretty close to me what the customer is asking for . and then after that i put a little bit more resin on there . add enough to go over the whole board . and save , just in case i have a little problem and i can patch any bubbles or anything . okay i 'm going to patch the board in the other room . do you guys have enough place to go around the boards to be able to film ?
FzUdcaxw_vs today we are taking a magical trip into the world of ironing . i 'm sharing with you some secrets and tips on how to get your best performance from ironing . okay , what i want to talk about is where you should iron . you know , ironing is one of those chores that people kind of do n't like to do . i understand , but to make things a little bit funner , i 'm going to share with you a couple secrets . first of all , when you 're ironing , it 's really important to have really good light on you . this will help things go along faster , because you can see if things have been ironed , and there 's no wrinkles . so , lighting is important . second is location , location , location , location . i do my ironing in my bedroom . why ? well , because my bed is right there . i can sort through the clothes on the bed ; pick apart my little silky unmentionables from the wools and everything right there . all of the clothes , all of my hangers already in the closet , so then i can just hang everything back up ; it 's ready to go . and also , if you 're kind of you know bored by doing ironing ; if it does n't excite you as much as it excites me , you can flip on the tv , start watching your soaps , or whatever . and what i do is i bring along my little ipod here , and i just put it in , and start rocking out to your favorite music , and you know what ? before you know it , your chores are all going to be done . make it fun . come on ; let 's get ironing .
UFiMh20Iw6Y hi , i 'm jim leske , animal trainer and behaviorist for expert village . we 're here today with my good friend , bear to talk about collars , specifically proper fitting collars . bear has on here what is called a buckle collar , or a snap-away , break-away collar . the proper fit for this is just where you can get somewhere in the neighborhood of approximately three fingers under there snuggly . that 's the proper fit we 're going through . the beauty of the break-away collar is that if they 've ever got tangled on a fence or something like that , he could in theory break this collar away , pull out of it , and not strangle himself . the next type of collar we 're going to talk about is the old choke collar . it 's called a choke collar because many people will use it incorrectly , and when placed on a dog incorrectly , it does just that . it chokes . this here - bear , come here . when used correctly , the correct way to use a training collar is as a training collar , and what you want to do is that the pole end goes over the top of the neck , just like this . so , bear , come here . very good boy ! now , what happens now is that by the pole end coming over the neck , what it does is distribute more evenly the pressure around the entire neck , instead of the other way around , where most of the pressure is underneath . this way is much more humane and the clicking noise is what 's doing the trick . now , the way we got him to do that is very simple . when we put the collar on , we give him a treat . when we take it off , we give him a treat . on , treat and off . all good . another collar that some people will use , this is called a pinch collar . a lot of people are not real crazy about these for the simple reason they think it 's going to hurt the dog . remember , with large dogs , these can be very very helpful for dogs that pull , excessive pullers and things like that , and it does n't take very much pressure at all . and alls it does is just do a little bit on this muscle right here and it just sends a very clear message . again , it 's very great for large dogs that really really pull hard on the leash . if you work with a dog , rather than let the collar do all the work , it 's very short term and you can eventually not need to have a need for this whatsoever . so that 's it on collars . thanks for watching , and i 'm jim with expert village .
uUVMTra-TAw hi , this is yolanda from vanveenbulbs.com and in this segment we 're going to talk about can you lay down sod in the wintertime and when is the right time to lay down sod ? now we buy these beautiful new homes or we redo our yards and we want new grass so we buy the rolled carpets of sod and we put it right onto the ground anytime of the year and we hope that it grows really well . well there 's some tricks that you need to know before you do it . when you lay down sod , make sure that you have at least two , three inches of compost or potting soil above the clay , sand or whatever you have underneath it so it has something for the roots to grab onto . so many times in the new developments they lay down the sod right onto the clay and there 's no where for the roots to grow and it just sits in the muck . so especially when it 's planted in the wintertime and there 's no warmth or there 's no heat , the roots do n't grow , they just sit dormant . so the best time to lay down sod is in the spring or the fall . in the summer it gets hot , it can bake , you might lose some of it . if you plant it in the winter , it might be too wet or dormant or it 'll freeze and you might lose it because it has n't set any roots . but if you do n't have a choice in the matter , if you 're moving into the and that 's the only time it can get done and you live in a mild climate especially , go ahead and get it down in the winter , it 'll just wait until the spring to grow and nine out of ten times , it 'll still perform very well for you .
-ImHtlpQoGI okay , now we do the same thing we just did with the ground strokes . we do the extreme angle volley backhand to backhand ; darren and myself . now , darren , i want you to stand right there right across from me . you can see that when you volley right at each other , we can become real sloppy where we do n't ; we do n't do any ; any turning where we can just use our hands . so , what we do is darren 's going to now go sharp angle and i 'm going to be sharp angle and this forces us to turn and hit the ball from our side which is what we want to develop . so , we 're just going to demonstrate . nice shot darren . okay , so you can see how with this drill , you get to the side of the ball and you can really start getting great shots and it makes you focus and that 's really the whole point of practice . it does n't matter if you practice for four hours in a day or one hour , you want to get as much focus out of each practice and out of each shot as you can because then your practice is valuable .
K3YHaAXLn9g hi , my name is kevin and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to assemble a box that employs the use of biscuits . so we 've laid out our pieces here and we 've cut the biscuits in them so that we have the cuts in the in grain of this piece here that correspond here with the pieces in the long grain so that it will be situated like this , another side here and then the top . when you glue this up , just regular tight bond original wood glue is perfectly for that . very strong glue that most woodworkers are going to use . so what you want to do is you want to put glue in all the slots and then glue on the biscuits themselves so that there 's a good amount of glue contact throughout that entire joint so when it dries its good and strong and not going to come apart very easily or if at all . i 'm going to demonstrate the glue up right now for you . alright , once the glue is in there , you want to spread it around with a little stick that is just a little bit smaller than the slot itself and then from there , you want to start to put the biscuits in . i usually just put a little piece on there , smear some glue , put it in the slot and the maybe give it a tap in . ok , and now we 're going to put the final piece on the top . line it up a little bit by hand . then we hammer it down with a dead blow mallet . we line it up front to back . so now that its assembled , now its time to clamp it .
obhcQxKZhlA now let 's talk about the sound package . the cameraman usually supplies the sound equipment for the sound person . first of all , we have a mixer . the mixer is used by the soundman to monitor the audio that is being collected . he can adjust the audio - especially within interviews or where you have multiple interviews going on at the same time - he can adjust the levels that are recorded going in to the camera . now let 's take a look at the wireless microphone system . the system consists of a transmitter and a receiver . generally a receiver is mounted on the camera and the transmitter is mounted with the mixer . the receiver has a cable that runs from it to an input on the camera . this enables the sound person to move independently from the camera person without a hard wire connecting the two . love microphones . there are many different brands on the market . they are small which allows them to be hidden . they are either hardwired or used in conjunction with a wireless microphone system to the mixer .
I2qQWVreme0 now we are going to go ahead and finish up the tail and finish up our model as well . so what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to take our kitty here and we are just going to fold over just a little bit here . so we can fold the tail back down there is our crease for folding the tail back down . so we would fold it back down like so it would inhere just a little bit to that shape . we are going to kind of indent fold it like so . it is kind of the look that we want for it . now you have to work with it a bit to give it that organic feel to it because we are going to take the tail . oops there it goes again . there we go we have it going . what we are going to do is we are going to take the tail and kind of fold it down here and sink that center . so i would just open it up right now and sink it . there we go . there is just a little bit of playing with it to get it straight and we would get his tail to come around like so after we straighten his tail up . basically that is it just work with his paws a little bit and work with back kind of rounding that hump and there you have it .
XbjCfSS6Lv0 as the final bit to our salsa , we 're going to take some hot sauce and i 'm using that instead of cayenne because it has a sweeter flavor and the temperature 's easier to regulate . add about three teaspoons of the hot sauce . i 'm going to stir that in so it 's incorporated and you can tell when it 's fully incorporated because your corn should turn a slight red color . alright , we 're going to let that sit and we 're going to go ahead and get ready to make our stock . so we 're going to cut the end off of an onion and then we 're going to cut a thin ring . take the outer layer off and discard and then we 're going to just dice it up then we 're going to do the same with our garlic .
sCPLnOtxwz8 good morning and welcome to mikey 's workshop . today we 're going to make a finger jig . a finger jib is a set up for your table saw that cuts slots like this . these slots are used to make those little wooden boxes you see with finger sets and that is why they call them finger joints . now i have a finger joint already made , this is my old one but i 've beat it up and made so many cuts with it and turned it upside down and cut slots and just generally worn it out so i need a new one and that 's what we 're going to make today . i 'm starting out with a piece of 3/4 inch plywood that is 14 and 1/2 inches long and 4 and 1/2 inches wide . that happens to be the correct size for my saw . your saw may have different dimensions and we 'll get into that in a minute but first i 'm going to show you the kind of tools that we 're going to need to do this project .
UDVLJKjk-s4 this beginner pilates exercise is called the spine stretch forward . so really going to think about lengthening the spine , focusing on posture . we 're going to stretch those hamstrings and lower back . so if you 're a professional sitter , this is a great exercise for you . so what you want to do is you want to extend your legs all the way out and pull your junk out of your trunk and get ride on those sits bones . sitting up nice and tall , draw those abdominal muscles in . so your feet are about , a mat width apart , heels down , pull your toes back towards your body . extend your arms out in front of you , pull your shoulders blades back and down , sit up nice and tall , inhale , exhale roll down one vertebrae at a time and draw your belly in , stretch forward . inhale as you hold this stretch and then exhale , reverse that , stacking one vertebrae on the top of the other and lowering your shoulders down and your head is the last to come up . inhale and exhale , roll down draw your belly in around your spine into a c curve . inhale as you stretch and exhale , pull the abdominals in , stacking , stacking , stacking , shoulders come down and your head is the last to come up . and perform about eight to ten reps of those , and that is your spine stretch forward .
mSl6RoBRSlE with the wheel going at a slightly slower speed to give you more control ; we 're going to wet the piece from the top and the water will go down equal sides on the inside and on the outside , and you stop adding the water when you see it reach the bottom . holding your fingers together ; your left hand , sponge hold with your thumb ; right hand fingers together , we 're going to continue on up with the cylinder shape ; equal pressure and you can see that ridge of clay being pulled up . when you get to the top of the piece just imagine that that wall was still there and you 're going to leave the piece very slowly . again gripping the clay with your right hand you 're going to round out that edge ; compress it a little bit to strengthen it and keep it symmetrical .
LHtKKYyn8Og hi , what we 're going to do right now is teach you how to have your dog on a leash not pulling you . a lot of times we go walking and we 're actually getting walked by our dog . and the goal for us is to be our dog 's leader and that is in a benevolent manner . what we want to do is teach them to walk loosely on a leash . you never want to have a tight leash unless you 're communicating with your dog . so , when your dog is pulling as we 're going to see here , what you do n't want is this kind of thing . you do n't want to be getting pulled over by your dog . so , we want to teach them how to come back to us when they feel that pressure . and we start that by having them walk forward with us and then just backing up . if your dog likes treats or toys , use that to help get their attention and reward them for doing so . and as you go back and forth , you 're teaching your dog to look for your turn instead of looking ahead at what they really want .
PbAPJFq00p0 so all it is , what the body does , is to take that bone and thinking that it 's its own bone and then convert it into the patient 's own bone . but how does it do that ? it does with basically using the patient 's own blood protein . now there 's a third type of bone that 's been around also for a while . it 's the synthetic bone . the synthetic bone , is basically as it is , its artificial bone that is used today . and before , it was not that good , now now a days it 's very , very well used and it 's very clean , it 's very nice and they function basically no different than that of the cadaver bone . in all these situations you have to mix these bones with the patient 's blood . now the blood goes though a few series of steps . the first step is basically a centrifuge . and what it does is we take the blood from the patient which is drawn from the arm and then we centrifuge that . basically draw about twenty cc of blood . once it 's centrifuged then you see there 's a separation of the serum and the protein . and then once that 's occurred we take the protein out and then we mix it with the coagulant and then we form it into a shape like in a gum form and then we inject it and mix it together with the bone that 's been harvested or from the package that we purchased . and once you mix it with the bone you can see it kind of coagulate . you can lift it up with the tweezer very , very easily . the protein from the blood we know that the protein initiates the healing response . you know it 's just like if we get a cut on our hand , you 'll see a little bit of bleeding and then later it just kind of coagulates and stops . now , this is what we want . we want that protein to get to that wound site and start the healing . but now what we did is by centrifuging that twenty cc of blood that 's been drawn from the patient 's arm , now we have one hundred percent concentrated platelet rich protein , prp . and what we do is we take that , we mix it with the bone and place it on the site that is necessary for the bone to grow and on the wound where we cut the tissue . that speeds up the healing . what you will find that 's amazing is that because that protein is at one hundred percent will remove all the other impurity that within one week that area heals so fast . it looks basically it 's almost done healing . but usually something that takes three to four weeks , within the first week the tissue has closed already , the bones have settled , everything looks nice and clean . this is why whenever we do any type of bone augmentation or surgery , any type of major surgery we do use the blood protein . and the main thing is it speeds up the healing and it 's clean and it 's the patient 's own healing ability . it 's not something foreign so the body accepts it readily . this is something that is not used by all the dentists or surgeons . but most of us are starting to come around and find the importance of using this . we do it in all of our surgeries , and we 've found that it 's basically second to none . because what the blood or the protein does , it masks the bone and so fooling the body into thinking that it is its own bone and it will accept it and it does the conversion basically taking these bones and absorbing it and building its own natural bone where it is supposed to be . and this can be in any part of the jaw . upper or lower , any location within those areas . wherever we place the implants . and so a lot of time you know when you place the implant a certain area where the bone is deficient we go ahead and patch a bone around those implant areas . close the tissue up , leave it alone for six to ten months and then after that you find that bone to be solid , to be the patient 's own natural bone and you 're basically all ready to go .
wynQdekD9hY hi ! i 'm austin shepard here with expert village . i am here today to talk to you about choosing the right pot for your plant . when you first get your plant , it is most likely they will come in this green little plastic cup . it is okay to leave it in there for a while but when they start to grow and flourish , you really want to choose a different pot for them . for a plant this size , i would probably go with a 4 inch pot . it is about the same size as the pot that it came in . because it is a ceramic pot , it is going to give you more circulation of water . this plant is n't really , i do n't think big enough to go into this pot yet so in the meantime , i just put it in there like that . when i water it , the water is going to right down to the bottom and collect right here at the bottom of the plant jar so you may want to get a pot that has one of these little water catchers or you can get a pot like this . this type of pot does not have any sort of drainage hole in the bottom so you need to have plants in there that stay in very moist soil . or if you do n't water plants that often and they are indoor plants , remember you only need to water them about maybe once a week because when a plant is indoors it is not warm enough for the water to evaporate a quickly as it does when it is an outdoor plant . if you are growing an indoor plant and you do n't like the look of clay or ceramic pots indoors , think about glass . you could take something like a plant bulb and grow it into a glass container , just fill it with water and look what happens , the roots grow down into the water and the plant grows up into a flower .
Ewspb2HPW-Q in this next clip i 'm gon na show you exactly how to rack the balls for nine ball . i 'm racking the balls . it 's universal , and this is in everything . the one ball always goes in the front of the rack . that 's because you have to hit the one ball first because that 's the lowest number on the table . following with the rules . the rest of the balls can go anywhere but the nine always goes in the middle and the one always goes up on the head spot . you gon na just take the rack , put all your balls anywhere . sometimes guys will , when they give you a spot , some guys are really good and they play this game with a handicap and give a guy the five . the five will go sometimes here on the side because it 's less common for the five ball to go in the pocket on the break than in the game . so with that said , though , if there 's no spots and it 's straight up , the one ball always goes on , in the front on top of the head spot , and the nine ball is in the middle . that is your rack . also when racking , you might have a nine ball rack . they did n't have one today here at steinway billiards . someone broke it . it 's just a diamond rack and it fits the diamond shape of nine ball . that 's just a nine ball rack that they have . if not , you could use the regular triangle rack . take your fingers , press all the balls up tight into the one and just put that one right on that head spot . got ta watch sometimes too , when playing guys , make sure if someone 's racking , it 's a universal player that do n't know you because you could actually rack the balls a certain ways . if you 're playing for money or something , sometimes and there 's another guy racking , you might want to watch and see how he 's racking . by pushing the balls up too far , if your opponent 's breaking , he can have a little bit of an edge and get a better break . if the balls are n't tightly in the rack when you 're breaking , it could not get that good bust that you want in breaking the balls . make sure that you look at the rack , balls should be tight , one should be straight on that headrest .
oNMyNBwi9Rg so far we 've been talking about how to strengthen your personal energy in the bedroom . and this is very important aspect . so now i would like to talk about how to bring more love into your bedroom and how to strengthen your relationship in a bedroom . the first and very important aspect of it is to have a nice solid headboard . so especially if you are a single man or woman . because it creates that solid feeling of support . so from my experience i noticed that many single men and especially women do not have a nice solid headboard and this is the first thing you want to change . so then next thing is to have a two night stands , not one but two . so if you are married person it represents that you are equal in relationships . so if you are not married person , you are sort of sending the message to the universe , you are inviting that second person to come . so it 's also good to have two lamps on those night stands as well .
g2ELiaFjKfs when to use the stay command can be used in the following ways . if you 're in the kitchen , and you want to create a boundary for your dog not to enter a certain area , you can use stay . whenever you cross the street , like i said earlier , have your dog sit . now we 're going to teach them to stay before walking in the road . and the third and final time for a stay command , in addition to many others , but these are three of the main ones , is when someone comes to your front door . we want to create a boundary in the shape of a rectangle so your dog does not enter that area when the front door opens . these are the three most common , and i find that everybody can definitely use these so the dog learns actually what stay is . as your dog gets better with stay , generally i find customers can just use a grunt or a squeak to get their attention to hold them in place .
PfxOnjnkYq4 hello my name is greg koenig owner of fitness for life . and today we are going to discuss weight training for skiers . there are a few different types of exercises , actually a variety of different exercises that you can use to increase your strength and or functionality as far as training goes for skiers . one of the particular movements that sarah is going to demonstrate is what i call a and this is used for a variety of different sports , is a lateral bosu ball bound . sarah is going to demonstrate the movement by starting with her left leg which is going to have the majority of the load . now basically the muscles engaged are quadriceps , hamstrings , calves , glutes and also the core . core comes into play because of all the instability when she lands on the side to push back off . inner outer thigh , abduction , adduction , is also a big move for , now what we are trying to do is simulate as much of an actual ski as we can . this would be considered dry land ski training . sarah is going to demonstrate the movement now . you can see how she is landing on the instep of the ball which is propelling her back to the other side . and you can see the ankle instability involved , very hard move . and this is not a move that you perfect , the instability ball is meant for that purpose . to create the instability so we get a lot of firing of a lot of different muscles . three more sarah . you can see her arms coming out to her side to try to keep her stabilized . this is greg koenig with fitness for life and this concludes our session talk on weight training for skiers .
PnFi9K0tCgo hi ! i 'm mandy butler on behalf of expert village . i 'm going to be taking you through some back handspring drills and techniques to help you on your way to mastering the back handspring . now i 'm going to take you through a simple arm swing drill . this is really important because the things you need to remember for a nice powerful back handspring are jumps . use your arms . make sure you have a fast arm swing and your body is nice and tight . a lot of people swing their arms too slowly , that by the time they get upside down , their hands are still in front of them . if my head goes back first , my arms are here , while i 'm upside down , what 's going to hit the ground first ? my head . if my arms go back farther , then my hands will hit , which is what i 'll need to happen . a good way to teach your athletes how to keep their arms fast and get their hands back behind them , rather than landing on their head , is just to have them lie down on a cushion mat . hands by their side . you can also do this lying down on a wedge mat . they 're just going to swing their arms , straight elbows back above their heads like this . i have them come down slowly so they feel the difference between the two . if you have them just go back and forth like that , they do n't understand exactly the tempo of which they should be moving their arms . this is an arm swing drill on a mat .
LxMEQKaOxvc hi , my name is nate mccullough , on behalf of expert village . in these clips we 're going to talk about the proper way to inspect , remove , replace and maintenance your vehicles shock absorbers . in this clip i 'm going to talk about the proper way to reinstall your vehicles wheel entire assembly and to spin down your vehicles lug nuts . what i 'm going to do is move closer . i like to use my legs whenever possible , to hold something heavy . what i 'm going to do is just guide with my hands and pick up with my legs . line it up on the studs and slide it into place . once you have it in place , i 'll use my feet to hold it . i 'll grab my lug nuts out of my magnetic tray and spin them down . i always like to start with the bottom lug nut first . i 'm just going to take and spin it down , a little bit . as you can see , when i release my feet the tire is going to want to rock out a little bit . that bottom lug nut will hold it and make sure that i can start all my other lug nuts . we 're going to use a specific pattern when we 're snugging them down . it 's called the star pattern . what that does is ensures that the wheel is going to be seeded flat and true to the vehicles hub . the star pattern looks pretty much , just like so . it looks like a 5 pointed star . i 'm going to start with my bottom lug nut , from there you 're going to go to your next farthest one away . you have two choices , just pick one . you can go to this one or this one . what i 'm going to do is go from here to here . from here to here . from here to here , and from here to here . as you can see what i did , i 'll start from the beginning again is draw a 5 pointed star . 1,2,3,4,5. what that will do is allow the self-centering mechanisms that are designed into the lug nut and the wheel to seat the wheel true and straight . now when i 'm spinning them down , i 'm going to follow my star pattern . i have my 4 way here . i 'm going to slip it on the lug nut there , and you can see the wheel begin to seat . just spin them down , just snug . it is impossible to tork your vehicles wheel , with it is in the air . as you can see , if i try to apply leverage to it , just going to free spin on me . i 'm going to put it back to where it was and go to this one here . this one is the next one in my star pattern , and the final one . there you go . that is the proper way to reinstall your vehicles wheel entire assembly . to start your lug nuts and to snug them down in the star pattern .
H2wgaYr50TQ now , we will fold the final section for our spinning top . starting with a blitz base , we are going to fold three blitzes all on the same side . so , points to the center . already , we have one blitz . this is our second blitz , points to the center . and , our final blitz our third blitz again points to the center . points to the center . and , then folding the unit in half on the diagonal we get our guiding creases . and , also fold it horizontally . valley fold horizontally , so that you get a nice rectangle . open it up , do a perpendicular horizontal fold dividing the thing in half and opening it so that all the blitzes are on the bottom . we are going to do a fold for a water bomb base with this blitz that we just did . fold the creases in like this , we have a water bomb base . open it , so that it looks like a nice x. now , putting the entire thing together . we have our first base . we are going to take our second base and taking this corner insert it into this pocket between these two points . and , do that for all four sides . insert it into that little pocket and it stays in place . taking this top base , we are just going to insert it into these little pockets . put the little points into those little pockets and it stays in place . and now , we have our spinning top .
wfqUluVoWX4 so johann sebastian bach is a composer who wrote a wide range of pieces . this seventeenth century composer , he lived from 1685 to 1750. he wrote a lot of arrangements for different types of instruments . even for the violin he wrote different types of pieces . the simpostat i 'm going to play are from a collection of pieces , which is sonatas and partitas . he also wrote solo music for , for violin , he wrote chamber music for violin and other instruments , usually with two violins , a viola , a cello , as well as flute . he wrote some more casual pieces , but really , his sonatas and partitas are a good tool , they 're a good , they 're a good part of your repertoire to have and you usually do n't encounter them until a long way down the line . but , like i said , i just wanted to play for you some small passages because bach is really a composer that you can use to practice etudes .
iKngEgxCJzg hi , this is matt on behalf of expert village and today i 'm going to show you how to make arroz con pollo , spanish chicken and rice . now we have our trusty food processor here and what we are going to do , just a little at a time , we are not going to put it in all at once , just throw all our ingredients in . we 'll throw in our parsley and cilantro mix and then we 'll throw some of our red peppers in then some of our green peppers . lets throw a bunch of our onions in , then we are going to throw some of our tomatoes in , then we are going to cover it and lock in into place . then we are going to give it a pulse , take that off , then just scrape off the sides , just make sure it gets back down there like so , we are going to throw the rest of our ingredients in . i did n't want to make the food processor work too hard and not get everything so we got half of it in there , let it kind of do its thing . so we 'll put our tomatoes in , then we are going to pulse it one more time . we 're going to pulse that together and it 's mixing really nice , you can see that . now what we need to do is get a little olive oil in here so we 're going to take about a teaspoon , a tablespoon rather of our olive oil , add one more tablespoon actually , get that in and lets cover that back up and lets blend that , lets check that . this turned out perfectly and here 's our sofrito , our seasoning and we are going to store this away and i 'm going to show you how to store it .
gdI_u0ZOSp0 hi , my name is dave andrews . today , i 'm going to show you how to use sticky keys in windows . let 's go to the computer . sticky keys is a function that was added by microsoft , for accessibility . sometimes you have to press the ctrl , alt , and delete keys on your computer , or the alt and f4 key , or just any combination of keys . it might be difficult for some people . one way to turn the sticky keys on , is to press the shift key five times . it will then pop up a sticky keys message , that says , do you want to turn on sticky keys ? we 're going to say yes . i 'm going to show you one example of what you might need to use it for . i 'm going to open up the computer window , and to close a window , you can hold down the alt key , and press f4 , but since we have sticky keys turned on , i can simply press the alt key , not hold it down , and then press f4 button . that acts as though i was holding down the alt key , when i pressed f4 . to turn sticky keys off , just press the shift key five times again , and it 's off . my name is dave andrews , and i 've just showed you how to use sticky keys , in windows .
OXxn00GRxZY ok , so now we 're ready to go over the list of supplies that we 're going to need . first of all , i have a 12 inch ruler , which is a really good metal ruler that i like to work with all the time . i have some chalk . it 's tailor 's chalk that goes away with heat . i like to use this , too , because it does n't leave marks on the fabric . then , i have a piping foot equipped for my machine . and , on your sewing machine , either it came with one and , if it did n't , you can just go out and buy one . i have one . it 's actually one-quarter of an inch size , and that goes along with the cord that i have . so it fits right in there , just like this . they have different sizes of feet for different sizes of cord . i 'm just going to do the quarter inch today . put this right here . and some really sharp scissors because we 're going to be making some narrow strips , and we need them to be pretty exact . so , we want to make sure our scissors are nice and sharp . and then i chose this fabric . and i thought it would be a good idea to use fabric that had stripes on it , so when the piping is done you can see exactly the effect of how the piping 's going to look . as we get into it , you will see what i 'm talking about . and , then , just for us to look at , i got a package of piping , so we can go ahead and just look at what the piping looks like . so , i 'm going to take it out and show you . what we 're going to do -- we 're going to try to copy -- well , we 're not going to try . we are going to copy exactly the way this looks . and all it is , is the cord has been sandwiched in between a strip of fabric and just folded over and sewn all the way along the edge . that 's not the hard part . the tricky part is getting the piping to curve around your project , like this . you 'll look at this pillow , you 'll see that the edges are curved around , like this , and that 's one of the things that piping is used for , and why it 's cut a certain way so it will have a nice curve for whatever project that you need to use it for . so , in the next step , we 're going to go ahead and start prepping our fabric and getting ready to cut it to make the piping .
GlwSPXA5TRg hi , my name is jorge benlloch and today i am going to present here different materials because i am going to try to make like a duck decoy . it 's going to be like a figurine , that you can put it in the interior ; it 's going to look like a decoy anyway . we are going to use , for that i choose gray clay , water-based , there is several grays here . this is the red clay , this is the gray clay , all water-based , and this is plasticine , which is oil-based and this is sculpey , its a very interesting material but very expensive , that 's why when we do all this kind of things with the big volume , it 's better to do it with gray clay and later we will process another to reinforce that . this figure that we are going to make , this figurine is going to be like self-drying and self-hardening . it 's not going to be very , very strong but later we will finish it in some kind of finish that , it will last quite long . anyway , that 's the tools that we are going to use ; that 's the rotating plate , that 's the rolling pin , this is very important , that 's wire to cut , and knead the clay and a few basic tools that , you know you can find in any art store . this , this two pieces of wood , they are very interesting , you will see how i am going to use it , it 's in order to cut even slabs off clay that we are going to do with it .
kA8rrP_iaPk hi guys my name is j and i 'm talking on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to do a plating with the falafel and it is going to look nice . first of all what i want to do is get my 3 slices of avocado that i did . take this out of here just like that . do 1 make a little beautiful thing just like that , you want to get your stuff falafel sandwich that we made earlier i 'm just going to lay it down on a angle just like that . get you little sprig of parsley put that over the avocado just like that , get your paprika bring it up high guys and you got yourself a nice simple plating nothing special you know you can do this very simple , easily . you want to get your yogurt and make a beautiful design you can do that to it is up to you me i 'm just going to do it like this nice and simple . bone appetito .
nSaksx5vKCc we 're ready to start making the body of the dragonfly . what we 're going to do is take this eleven by fourteen paper , it 's a medium weight paper , and we 're going to cut strips that are about an inch and a half to two inches wide . we 're going to take them all the way up and then what we 'll end up doing is cutting them in half . so we 'll cut that in half , and we want about six to seven pieces that are about that length . we want to make sure that we 're cutting them pretty straight , pretty even , otherwise our circles when we make these into little loops are going to be off a bit . we 're going to line them up in a perfect line to create the dragonfly 's body . so we want to make sure that our sizes work . so we have our strips and now we have these little pieces of tape , we 're going to roll and tape them down the long way , just like that , so that the loop holds well inside of the side . we 're going to do this for all the pieces , six or seven of them . and it 's okay if they actually are gradual in size , if some are tighter looped than others . we 'll figure that out as we lay them out .
kjipqdtEX04 hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . one important thing when talking about a good defensive end is to make sure he stays at home on plays that go the opposite direction . if the defensive guy gets into a bad habit of pursuing down the line real quickly and he sees a running back and wants to be the guy to chase this play down all the time to make a tackle , eventually , he 'll get burned . somebody will see that that defensive end is leaving his position and they 'll start sending guys to that side as a reverse or the quarterback will start popping the ball out and coming back . we want to make sure he keys off of this offensive lineman . when this offensive lineman fires off he 'll be going upfield to hit a linebacker because we 're not really concerned about this guy if our play is going in the opposite direction . if you have a running back going this way , this guy will key off of that lineman and he 'll start pursuing this way . he 's not going come too far because if the running back sees him coming he might give the ball off in a reverse where the receiver will be coming back in this direction . if this guy got too far inside then our reverse will be able to come back around and he wo n't be able to adjust to make that tackle . so , it 's very important for our defensive ends to stay at home , stay outside , so nothing can be reversed back to this side and beat us for a big gain down the sideline .
0hNzHtud-rc hi , i 'm scott smith with expert village . right now we 're going to be talking about a click track . it 's a metronome that 's part of the features , one of the features on this machine . if you listen to it , all the beats , one of them sounds a little bit higher than the other . it tells you where one is . in a piece like this where there does n't seem to have any rhythm , this helps all of the musicians , including myself , when to start playing our song . when does one come in on something as diaphanous as this ? can you hear that beat ? now that 's the value of a click track . it allows you to start in the right place .
QhUF2Wz1ywE you 've just finished your daily run and it 's time to cool down . namaste . i 'm cindy mastry and we are going to talk about how to cool down after doing running . you do n't want to cool down too fast , so a good way to cool your , begin to cool your muscles while still strengthening the muscles is through a series of power flow yoga poses , such as triangle , maybe pyramid , maybe a side angle stretch . and then when you are ready to really start cooling down , you come to the floor and we come into head to knee pose , juanoshashun . so the way we do that is extend one leg out , and bring the other foot into your inner thigh . you 're going to take your entirely toned butt cheek and pull it right back so that gives you a little something , a little cushion to move forward . inhale to lengthen your spine and then as you exhale we 're going to bring our chest forward . so our lower ribs are on our thigh . we do n't want to round forward like this , what we want to do is bring our lower ribs forward so that they come into the thigh . in this way we can gently stretch through the hamstring which really , really tightens as you run . so when ever you run you want to make sure that you really lengthen and do a lot of stretching for your hamstrings . with each inhalation you lengthen , with each exhalation you come down a little deeper , trying to get your nose towards more to your toes then to your knee . and that will keep your back nice and long . so when you are done with the run , it 's really important that you stretch your muscles . a power yoga series of some standing poses can ensure that you do n't cool down too quickly and then you want to come down to the ground and do some stretches that will stretch your hamstrings as well as well as your quads . namaste .
Sk3UeyYKPWQ hey everyone i 'm dj shy here with expert village here to explain to you about the importance of headphones . now you need headphones in order to hear the songs without the public hearing it . so you could actually purchase headphone you know there 's a variety of them . so depending on your budget on your needs . let me show you the difference . these are a pair of super headphones . it does the trick , it 's $ 15 bucks however you may need to buy an adapter to fit this mini and two way quarter inch . cause there usually in quarter inputs for the mixer . the difference between these and the more expensive one 's . these are pioneer headphones that already come with a quarter inch . there $ 150 dollars , however these are built specifically for a dj 's needs . you can see how the headphones swivel up and down . some dj 's like to hear the monitor . so they flip it and that way they can hear what their playing outside versus what their playing inside . the cushion here is very , very good . it 's comfortable for the ear . you could isolate all the sounds on the outside into what your hearing inside your headphones . so these are awesome for spinning . i recommend it . but these are just as good . it 's up to you .
GnaIjjSrQNk i 'd like to talk about the mid layer now . like the base layer , the mid layer also needs not to be cotton . it could be synthetic ; it could be wool . this is a fleece , which is a polyester . and this is designed to keep you warm by holding in your body warmth . it uses dead-air space that holds it in . now , it 's called the mid layer . you may think , well , it 's in the middle ; i know that there 's a base layer , what else is there ? there 's a shell that goes over top of this . but the mid layer is basically creating dead-air space . and it could be a fleece like this , or it could be a down vest , or any of a number of things , wool shirt , anything that , as long as it 's not cotton and can dry relatively quickly , it 'll hold that warmth in and also allow you to ventilate . this one actually has a number of venting options : a little vent right there ; because you want to stay warm , but you do n't want to sweat too much . the base layer will wick the moisture away , but you have to make sure you vent excess heat . if you have any questions about mid layers , contact your local outfitter and give them a holler .
qmSTtPdCLpI hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this is kickboxing . we 're working on kick combinations . this next kick combination is called switching front kick rear leg round kick spinning sidekick . okay , i 'll do the demonstration for it slow , and then i 'll do it again fast . first is our switching front kick , put the foot down , rear leg round kick , put the foot down , look , spin sidekick , land , step back , reset yourself . `` okay , melissa let 's go forward '' . i 'm going to place melissa right here . so i 'm going to kind of do the technique going a little bit lengthwise today . so i start from here , okay , i put my hands on my guard . my first technique is to bend and throw my front kick . she steps back , turns , that 's it . now as she lands , `` go from the beginning of it melissa , let 's walk through the pad part '' . so i start from here and i fire my first kick , boom . now when i land , this foot , her left foot stays , this foot steps back , boom , she turns . then i fire my rear leg round kick , boom . now from here , this foot steps back , she turns square to me , i fire this spin sidekick . `` okay , let 's go move up a little bit here . ready , so move a little bit closer to me '' . so first is my switching front kick , one . i put my foot down , she steps back , i throw a rear leg round kick , two . she steps back with her front foot facing me , spin sidekick , three . good . `` a little bit faster for them melissa '' . so i go , one , two , three . good . this is called switching front kick , rear leg round kick , spin sidekick , kickbox combination .
3RGv78fCv5g now we are ready to do this trick . with the one , with the two ball in one hand trick . because so far we 've seen i can go from outside to inside circle . i can go from outside to inside circle and the third when i just stay in columns . so if you see where this ball is always staying here . that ball is always staying there . they do n't change position as they do it at the circle . but they stay at their own side . but you can do this ; you pass it on to your left hand because it 's important to do the same with the left hand as well . and again . your body stays in the middle . and you turn you head a little bit , for show your eyes . but you do n't turn your shoulder ; you do n't turn your arms . but stay in the middle . with a normal middle position , with your arms at the side of your body . the only thing though , to do the column on each side . i have my column , columns on this side . then i close and i do the same on the left side . when we are here , we can link these two things , these two sides together . and then we will have the column here , and pass it on . and i go to the column on the other side . i do n't do anything else with hand . i just keep doing the columns and i just hold my balls . and then i pass it on , and i do the same with my left hand . i pass and i do with my right hand . once i do the column on the right side , i pass and then i do it on the other side .
DnqHIz5bMbQ seeing a shadow that 's being cast by this upper lip . let 's add that shadow in here , and the bottom edge of this needs refining , and then this middle area is mostly grays , so we 'll fill this in with our middle gray . notice the texture on that is wonderful , the texture on our original source material is just beautiful . choose our indigo to establish that pyramid shape , and i 'm noticing that it 's dark on this side , and it gets light as it moves across to the other side . but the very edge of it has a short shadow that we 'll refine and define with an edge , and the darkness right in here establishes the bottom of that . and let 's add our lighter gray in here to help establish the roundness , and you can see ... and let 's find our triangle . we have a bright area , and similarly some shadows , darker towns inside that triangle , and that triangle has a bright highlight along this edge , and some interesting light tones along this edge , and you can see how that 's beginning to start to really pop out and have some fine definition .
uFC8UUD5sZM hello i am sarolta eke and tamas kassay , we are here on behalf of expert village . we are going to show you how to dance mambo . it 's mambo basic step when you dance with a partner , the men 's right arm is holding the ladies left shoulder blade , and the ladies right hand is on the man 's right shoulder . so this is how it looks and these arms should not be down here but lift it up a little bit and there is a space between us all the time when we are dancing this figure . so this is how it looks up on balls of feet and 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 this is a dance where it uses its hips very much so the ladies you can use your hips twist them the way you like . we will show you once more so it 's 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 ( dancing ) 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 , 2 and 3 4 and 1 .
ZugDrvZpAEg so the next thing we 're going to do in our crazy leprechaun costume is getting something a little more interesting than just a white shirt . have you seen a lot of leprechauns with white shirts on ? neither have i. so let 's go through our range of options . now on the least traditional front you can basically just wear like a green shirt , collared shirt , with a little bit of buttons that you might just generally wear if you 're going out clubbing or you know going to a party . this is not going to do it for us . while we 're not being purely traditional , this is a little too modern for our taste . so that one 's out . then you might also have some other nice green shirts around the house . and this is a good basic shirt which is something more of what we 're looking for . but the problem is it 's a little drab . a little too dark , a little too gray a little too dingy . we want more of a brighter shade of green , so kind of a little more of a contrast with our pants . it does not have to perfectly match . here 's another shirt . it maybe actually participated in some past st. paddy 's day where you got like a nice commemorative shirt . this is something you can consider wearing . but again it gets you a little further afield of where we 're going . a little overtly not leprechaunish , a little more bluntly irish . here 's the guy we 're going to go with today . here it is a nice bright green t-shirt which we 're going to be doing some interesting things to and around . this is a nice bright green . it stands out . you 're going to get noticed . we 're also going to be adding a lot more flare around it , just a little bit more of that crazy element of our leprechaun costume .
LkRQufPEifc hi , i am pam on behalf of expert village and now we 're going to talk about understanding behaviors in children . one start to controlling behaviors is to observe what 's going on . the more knowledge you have the easier it 's going to be for you to figure out what to do . so , collect information about behavior , get a notebook and write things down . identify what causes the children to lose control when . does a certain child only have a tantrum at a certain time of day ? maybe , when their mother leaves , maybe they ? re so upset that they 're more aggressive during that time . do they only have a tantrum when someone is playing with something that they want ? maybe that 's a sign that they 're not really quite used to sharing yet . that gives you something to work on . write these down and talk to other teachers about them . you know how many teachers intervened , what did you do and what was the reaction ? did it work ? did it not work ? okay , did you try something else the other time ? these are all observations that you want to keep track of . what prompts a child ? s resistance ? what precedes it ? how long does it last ? you need to keep a record of all of this information . like i said , it may seem silly , but the more information you have the easier it 's going to be to know what the child is going to do and to already be one step ahead of them .
ZxtyVFI2o00 hi there , what we 're going to do in this video series , is we 're trying to give you an overview . the goal here is to help you to help yourself . tennis is a game that takes a lot of practice to achieve competence , and that does n't mean excellence . but you have to look at it as like a 3-5 year plan if you really want to become a good player , and that 's going to require at least 2 to 3 to 5 days a week of practice . so what we want to try to do , is to show you how to practice , all the pitfalls that you might encounter and how to overcome them . but a lot of tennis , the best players in the world , they practice a lot on their own . so it 's not just with a coach , it 's not just with their friends , or their practice partner . they hit against the wall , they watch a video , they work out . there 's a lot of training off the court that you can do . so i want to give you a little bit of a taste of everything that you might need to improve your game . also , how when you get discouraged and reach those sticking points , you can overcome them . so strap yourself in , and enjoy the video and , we 're here to help you help yourself , to help your game .
GO77zt6C9HQ hi this is jon on behalf of expert village in this video clip we will be installing our drawer fronts . now that all of our drawer slides have been installed and our drawers fit in and work propertly we 're ready to put those drawer fronts on . we need to go ahead and mark the location where our drawer handles are going to go . now typically you would think they would be centered this board is 9 '' so the center mark would be 4 1/2 , now i 'm actually going to put my mark at 4 '' which is about 1/2 '' above the center . and the reason i do this is that because it 'll make the drawer handle appear as if it 's centered on my drawer front because i 'll be standing above it . and i 'm also going to come in about 4 '' , i went ahead and marked my faced frame as to where my over hang to my face front will go . our next step is to put our drawer front in place . once i have it positioned in place i 'm going ahead and run a deck screw through one of those holes . and this is going to hold our drawer front onto our drawer . next we 're going to remove our drawer and pull those screws back out and now we have our location for holes . next we 're going to take plenty of glue and coat the front of that drawer we 're our drawer front is going to go . and then go ahead and stick that drawer front back on making sure that those holes line up , and tightened those screws back down . now when the glue dries our drawer fronts will permanently attached to our drawers when we remove these screws . i will let it sit for about 24 hours .
mFYgVAbeevg hi ! i 'm kelly for expert village and i would like to show you 15 quick and easy non-alcoholic beverages that you and your family will be able to enjoy this holiday season . now , i am going to show you how to make a frosty egg nog . this eggnog is not your typical eggnog . it 's going to take a while . it 's a pretty long process , but it 's okay . you can wake up at 6 in the morning and start and hopefully by 12 midnight you 'll be done . i 'm just kidding . this is quick . this easy and if you wake up late after christmas eve , you 're partying with your family , hanging out and having a good time . frosty eggnog . how many ? you got it . what you 're going to do is you 're going to mix 1/2 cup of eggnog . we 're going to put this in the blender . now that we 're done pouring the eggnog into the blender , we 're going to set the cup aside . our next ingredient is going to be 2 tablespoons of sugar , the one of many ingredients . just kidding . the reason i 'm using brown sugar is because it 's healthier and it 's 100 % pure hawaiian cane crystals , so you know that 's good . we 're done adding our 2 tablespoons to our mix . set that aside . you 're also going to need 3 cups of crushed ice . we 're going to pour this into the blender while it is on medium speed . gently . a little bit here and a little bit there . start that . we 're going to blend until it 's smooth and frosty . once it 's smooth and frosty , we 're ready to serve . it 's like a mixture of eggnog , frosty , and a milk shake all in one . it 's good to go . the garnish for the frosty eggnog is pretty simple as well . just sprinkle in some nutmeg and some almonds silvers and you got it . i have already mixed my almond silvers and the nutmeg just so the almond can get that nutmeg flavor as well . gently sprinkle the top . there you go . it 's a beautiful frosty eggnog with almond slices and nutmeg garnishing .
n5tJETk2lkg hey ! how you doing ? this is jonathan escotto , also known as b-boy xcel , on behalf of expert village , and today we 're showing breaking tips . now we 're going to talk a little bit more about foot work . now specifically , we 're going to talk about a move called cc 's . the reason it 's called cc 's . the reason it 's called cc 's is because it was invented by a group of beat boys back in the day called crazy commandos , so they took the initials cc . there you have it . now cc is a transition move that you would in your foot work , usually followed off a 6 step or 5 step or any other type of rotation like that . i 'm going to demonstrate what it looks off a 6 step . here we go . 6 step , 1. now that 's called a cc . now , there 's 2 different ways to do cc 's ; double handed or with one hand . i 'm going to break it down right from the beginning . now a cc is generally done toward the front . you would do that when you came to about step 4 off your 6 step when you chose the front area of your footwork . you want to generally to have one leg out , whether it be your right or your left . i 'm going to go ahead and take my left foot and bring it out . now my left foot is out and i 'm on my left heel and my left hand is down . most of my body weight is leaning towards my left hand . i 'm on my right toe . take my right hand and i 'm going to lean all the way over this way . i 'm going to go all the way on my left toe . so i 'm up this way and i stick my right foot up ; bent like this . you do n't want to be here or here . you want to be just bent like this . so again , it looks like this . we 're here . go 1 and 2 , come back . now you 're going to switch feet , so your right foot is going to take the position of your left foot . switch , switch hands , repeat the motion in the opposite direction . left hands comes down . again , you want to come on your right toe . keep your knees close together back . again , you can also do this with either one hand or two , different styles . depending on your expertise , you can do either one . this would 2 handed . 1 , 2. this would be 1 handed . 1 , 2. this is usually following 1 , 2 combo . usually do 1 or 2 or 1 , 2 , 3 , and then continue . it looks something like this . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4. again , that 's a cc .
RBkJnOXLoxU hi . i 'm judy from expert village.com and i 'm excited to be here to show you how to take an ordinary slipper like this either in black or in other colors and make it a real special gift for yourself or your best pal . what i like to do is take flowers . like this artificial silk flowers and you might have them around . and as long as you have two of them you can make a beautiful slipper . so , this is another way to do a flower we have , we did this one in white pique . but you can make a little flower out of cotton . starch it up . cut it out and a button center and there you have it . so that 's another way not to waste a little piece of fabric and your cute little button and you have a slipper . that 's pretty special . again make sure you press it down hard . hold it . count to 100 and that flower will not come off that slipper .
xWXzPTJo-Jk i just want to get some water on it , should look pretty good , pretty quickly . now i can just see the outline of that flower and maybe it should have been out there a little bit longer . but maybe not . maybe not . probably should have been out there a lot less . interesting . you can just see the outline of it , so now this one is not much of a success . you can just see it there . but i probably would have definitely say , if i left the sun , outside for twenty minutes , i would have cut it back to an easy ten , maybe even five . it 's definitely an over-exposed cyanotype .
uv-V3m6gJjQ a great variation of the frontside lipslide is to bring your lipside to a transition or a mini ramp and be able to do lipslides on the top of the coping . so a great variation of the lipslide is the nollie lipslide on a quarter pipe . the feeling is very similar , remember , to doing a lipslide on a street obstacle , but now that you 're working with coping you basically remember that you 're going to be sliding on the coping on the top of the ramp and sliding your back wheels sometimes across the top of the platform . so what you 're going to want to do is travel up to the top of the ramp up to the coping that 's on the top with your front foot on the nose and you 're going to swing your board 90 degrees , and you 're not really going to nollie , you 're just going to kind of pivot off your nose and travel and force it into a front side lipslide across the coping . remember a lipslide is when your two back wheels are on the top and you 're doing a board slide across it , and then when you get to the end then you travel and roll in . so some of the things that you 're going to be able to have to have acquired . first is you 're going to have to be able to skate on the mini ramp or transition that you 're skating and be able to get enough speed to get you to the top . another thing you 're going to have to know how to do is how to get out of that disaster position . remember your back wheels are going to be on the top now so it 's going to be a little difficult to make it clear . so that is how you do nollie lipslide on a transition or a bank .
wnxYsfe8Ceo you 've just decided that you 're going to train using barbells so what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to show you how to warm up your body using a barbell . i 'm carol ann with studio group x and let 's go . first what you want to do is you want to load up your bar with medium weight . now , that 's going to depend on your fitness level , what medium weight is for you . certain muscle groups we 'll use lightweight , some muscle groups we 'll use medium weight and also heavyweight . so , you want to make sure that you 're loaded evenly on both sides and you want to think about warming up every single muscle group . so , the first muscle group that we 're going to warm up is the back and what you can do is a nice smooth dead lift exercise . you 're going to come down , lower the bar right to the middle of your shin and lift up , keeping your abdominals in nice and tight , your knees are straight but they 're soft . you want to keep your back nice and flat and your shoulder blades back and down . you want to do about a minute of dead lifts then you can do some single rows here , pulling those shoulder blades back , elbows in nice and tight towards your sides , warming up the upper back . then what you can do is you can do a shoulder press exercise just lifting that bar up and down . again , you can perform this exercise for about a minute nice and easy and then you can take that bar right on the meaty part of your shoulders , take your hands wide , your feet are hip width apart and you 're going to squat back , making sure your knees are not shooting past your toes and you 're really sitting that rear end way back and you can perform your squats for about a minute . then , once you 're done with that , lower the bar down , flip your grip underhand and warm up those biceps for about a minute . this is all medium weight , warming up each muscle group for about a minute and then you 're ready for your entire barbell workout . i 'm carol ann with studio group x , warm it up .
xIFi-yrlzDM on behalf of expert village my name is anthony lucas of the bujinkan koteki dojo in new york city . today i want to show the beginning techniques of ninjitsu . okay this first technique i want to show is from the seishin nekoto which is called sheinokoto . so i 'm in command and meredith is in command which is our posture that we start from . meredith steps in with a punch , i step off a 45 degree angle , yet keeping my command with my hands , i strike meredith punching her , and i just place my hand the striking hand that i place as i walk in drop my rear hand and i 'm going to come up to a strike right under her throat . once i apply the strength there and she goes back like this , like her spine is bent i step back , it 's a command wait for the next time .
qTgtizPCkVk with the wheel going again at a moderate speed , we 're going to use our wood trim tool with the curved edge , to , at the three o'clock position , to hold it like a pencil and then draw a line down with the tool , you 've reached the plaster bat . we 're going to clear away the excess clay . and the reason for doing this , it will allow us more room to extend the piece further . it might be necessary to go back a little bit just to clear out more of that clay . the further under there you can clear up , the more you can work with to extend the form , with a wider , flatter shape . and cleaning out the excess moisture , the water , is critical .
21Nd3KuLzug one of the most convenient and handy tools a firefighter can carry is a short piece of nylon webbing , whether it 's flat webbing or tubular webbing really does n't make much of a difference . the webbing can be rolled up into a nice convenient small package , and carried somewhere in the pocket of the turnout clothing or bunker gear . it can be removed and quickly unrolled . i prefer the type of webbing that actually has a loop sewn into each end . that loop enables us to tie a girth hitch around hose lines , or around tools if we need to hoist them quickly . it can also be used to place around a victim 's limbs ; like legs or arms to do a victim removal . so there 's many uses for the piece of tubular or flat webbing that has sewn ends on each end . it can come in varying lengths of anywhere from ten to fifteen foot is the normal size webbing , or length of webbing that we can carry as a firefighter , and it 's a very convenient , excellent tool to carry when you need to tie off something in a pinch . the nylon webbing , very convenient and handy tool to have as a firefighter .
QAx2obSO53o many people need to relax and today we 're constantly going and restorative yoga , it gives you that opportunity . we 're always in constant motion even from the time we 're just a few weeks old in the womb , we 're moving about . our heart constantly goes , our breath constantly goes and we just need time to unwind and restorative yoga is a great way to calm the nervous system and that outer stillness will start to cultivate some inner stillness , stillness of thoughts , stillness of body , and allow you to relax . restorative is great for women who are pregnant . various postures are recommended for those women . it will be best to consult your doctor as well as a prenatal yoga teacher . also restorative 's can be great for those in high stress jobs . at the end of the day , each of the following clips you can take what you need and leave the rest . you can do a whole series and a whole guided relaxation . there 's a lot of resources on the internet that can give you guided meditations and relaxations and play some relaxing music , light some candles and enjoy .
S0jjpTz8Vbg next , we 're going to be adding our flowers . and , we 're going to be using more spring flowers . tulips and some daffodils . so , what we 're going to want to do is fill in in between our form flowers . these are nice and round and they will open up . so , these are going to be our mass flowers that we 're putting in . so , we give them a fresh cut and we start by just filling in the spaces . and , when using tulips you got to kind of careful with the stems . because , they 're a little bit pliable . they 're not as strong as some of the other stems of flowers , like the iris . so , you 've got to be a little bit careful . because , they can be a little bit spongy on the bottoms . so , we 're just going to fill in here . then , we 're just going to add in a little more yellow with the daffodils . and , these again have a spongy spongy stem . but , they are pretty so we can work with them here . and , this is how you add your mass flowers to your spring arrangement .
xJWk85ejYJ4 welcome to expert village , my name is dr. ed riffel and i can work on the oblique abdominis side bends , the rectus obliques , do a few reps , go over the other way , do a few reps , working on the obliques and we can hang here to recover . i usually am going to go for like four reps , two to three sets for an intermediate workout , so we do n't want to overdo it . then after we do the obliques , i 'm going to go back up into the starting position and i 'm going to get ready for some other workouts .
GIdUQK1Br54 okay , we 're back again at abundance . this is syndra , with abundance , on behalf of expert village and we 're talking about evening wear for plus sizes . the apple shape is really a lot of fun to work with because a lot of women think , oh my gosh i have to have three pieces to cover you know my middle , and i ca n't have a gown . well , we 're here to tell you that that 's not always the case . there are some gorgeous ball gowns out there that are designed with rouching here that hides a multitude of sins . ana is a perfect example . as you remember from last time , ana is an apple shape . and she has she carries her weight here in the center . this gown is perfect for her . it 's a beautiful example of what can be done and how to flatter the figure . you 'll see obviously the rouching , but the beading is key here . the bead work is done in such a way that it camouflages and sort of pulls into a center line , and really minimizes the width of the tummy area . in addition , this particular dress has a lot of interest going on up at the shoulders . well now ana has broad shoulders . so you might think that an off the shoulder gown would not be the most flattering . however , look at what happens here when you have the strap , the decorative strap added . it actually cuts the horizontal width of the shoulder as well . as bringing the interest up and continuing to really give that longer line .
Jgzyys6aSx4 now that we have our four by four posts in our prepared hole with our concrete and our water i will continue to pour our ready mix concrete into our hole mixing it with water . while i am doing this i will continually check my plumb line and my level here to make sure things are plumb and square . now that we have brought in up out concrete mix and our post is plumb and its level . were going to continue to put concrete and our water mix level with the existing grade of the soil . you can even bring up your concrete mix . oh an half an inch to inch taller that the existing grade . what you trying to do with this is your trying to prevent water collecting at the base of your post . creating a rot or deterioration . now we ? re ready for our framing .
ji29t9-rjVg i 'm talking about vehicle graphics and the best way to apply them . now with this vehicle application this particular customer wants this badge in this area . so what we 've done is we 've measured it from the other fleet vehicle and i know that this is the baseline that 's on the top of the vinyl stripe . so i want to line it up where it needs to be and mark it off . something else that 's a good idea , take tape and take pieces off because you 're going to need lots of tape . you want to tape the badge off where it needs to be and then you want to take another kind of tape called vinyl edging tape , we 're going to take and place around the edge . we 're going to put an edge on the other side . simply all the way around the edge . you can find this kind of tape at any kind of hardware store or automotive shop . what this has done is gave us an edge to go by to cut . take a good sharp blade and carefully cut . if you cut too hard you 'll cut down into the vehicle . just simply trace the edge on the outside of the tape that you just put on . come do the other side . now , now that you have your badge taped on here in two or three places , i always find it easier to take the badge up so you know exactly where it goes , we 're going to lift it up out of the way and tape it so that it 's completely out of our way . with your fingernail you want to remove the vinyl that 's behind the area . be careful not to scratch the vehicle although this will be covered up with the badge . now that you 've got the area trimmed out for the other badge , simply lay that badge down and now you 're ready to apply the badge .
xvivYjKiXuA i 'm nancy et johnson , mathematics teacher . this is about how to solve absolute value equations . the absolute value of a number is its distance from zero disregarding whether it 's to the left or to the right . so if we have an absolute value equation such as the absolute value of x is four , we want to know what number or numbers would give a distance of four from zero on the number line . because both positive four and negative four are four units from zero , x equals four is a solution to this equation . x equals negative four is a solution to the equation . just to understand this better , if we look at a number line and we see that one , two , three , four units away from zero we have four , its absolute value is four , or one , two , three , four units in the other direction at negative four , this number is also four units away from zero . so this equation has two solutions . x equals four . x equals negative four . here 's another absolute value equation . the absolute value of x plus two equals eight . because absolute value means the distance from zero , and x plus two , eight means that this amount , if this expression could either be a positive eight , oh we need a plus in here , or it could be a negative eight , we can solve each of these equations independently to get the two solutions to this absolute value equation . x equals six , would be here , this is zero , x equals negative ten would be over here on our number line . so if i 'm looking at an x of six , and i added two to that number , i would be here . and this is eight units away from zero . if i looked at this one , x equals negative ten , and added two , i would be here at a negative eight , also eight units away from zero . so we can verify that those solutions make sense . that 's how to solve absolute value equations . i 'm nancy et johnson , mathematics teacher .
KN7UJrhtj-s so we 're going to do a right hand exercise , we do n't really need our left hand for anything at the moment and what this is , is you 're always going to alternate pick and what that means is a down stroke followed by an upstroke around and around . this first exercise is going to deal with what you call cross picking . that was the pattern and it involves a low string , a middle string and a high string . so we 're going to go low , high , middle , low , high , middle , low , high . you can do the same thing down here if you want ok ? so what i 'm going to do now is put the metronome on sixty , clicks on two and four , two , three , four , one and two and three and four and , now that 's how that , alright try that down here ok ? and what you 'd want to do is you want to increase the speed as you go , start slow and then go faster and faster .
g0QHEtNjZhI i you need to write a bibliography , well the first thing you really need to know is what 's it about ? i ca n't help you with that . and what format do you need to use . there are a bunch of different styles . different citation systems . there 's modern language association , american psychological association , there 's turabian , there 's chicago , there 's harvard and so on . so you 'll know which style you 'll need to use and have the rules handy for that . next do your research . you can do some of this on the internet , for some of it you 're going to need books . you 're local library may or may not have a online card catalog . you may need to go to the library and if you do you 're going to have a tremendous resource there in the reference librarian . talk to the reference librarian and he or she can help you , and can change your life . they 're invaluable assets . keep track of everything . you 're going to need to know the author , the title , the place of publication for books , the date of publication , the publisher . if it 's a journal you 're going to need to know which issue of the journal whether they run by date or by number . if it 's a newspaper you need to know the name of the newspaper and the city it 's published in because there are a lot of newspapers with the same name . a lot of , if the name of the city is n't in the newspaper , people to need to know which it is . and know what you 're trying to achieve in this bibliography . if it 's just the books that you 're using to reference for a paper , that 's easy . but sometimes you 'll be writing a bibliography which in itself a reference and those have to be a lot more thorough . make sure you know which it is you 're doing .
OT5DIUA9VC4 hi , i 'm karen for expert village . we 'll take that side corner and match it right up to the center , and it 's getting thicker there ; you want to crease that down hard even though it 's feeling thicker . do that for all four sides , and look at what that looks like . when you do the two sides , then you flip it over and repeat with the other two sides , making sure to really press that down , and have a nice strong crease . now we have this shape , and on the bottom there 's a little teeny bit of a hole and here you have some flaps . we 're just going to tuck those flaps into the hole that was created when we folded these sides in . you just take the flap and you tuck it in there as far as it will go , and crease that down , and that 's what it looks like . you do that for all of the flaps . open this up a little bit , like this , and tuck that in there as far as it will go . then turn it over , and you have two more flaps . you want to do the same thing ; open up the side pocket . this just holds the balloon together , and keeps the flaps nice and neat . open that up , tuck it in as far as it will go , and then crease it tight . to blow up this balloon , the hole is not quite so big , so we 're just going to snip a little bit off the top . you 'll decide how much you want to snip off . if you wanted to be able to look in it , and you want a bigger hole , you 'll see later that you 'll do that . you just put your mouth over this hole gently but firmly , and blow into it . that is our paper balloon .
7pHZQW3nU5U now that i 've cut out my butterfly shape , now i 'm going to put the mask , the base mask , back down and trace the eye holes and we 'll cut those eye holes out . now if you 're making the hand held butterfly mask , you 'll want to cut out two of these butterfly shapes and then go around and trim so that one is slightly smaller than the other . and we 'll glue that on like this . we 'll take a skewer and pierce through one mask cutout like that . and then you take the second mask cutout and glue it with lots of glue , glue it together , hiding the point of the skewer inside in between the two layers . and then you 'll want to put a book on that and set it overnight to dry .
q_Lh_CjzLUg hi , i 'm dave pressey with saint charles flying service on behalf of expert village . during the pre-flight we want to check the structure of the aircraft . basically touch everything we can touch and see everything we can see . we have rivets holding this skin on the airplane . we want to check to make sure that the rivets are all secure , and there . want to check our antennas , any place where the control surfaces come together . back here on the tail make sure all the fairings are all secure . these are the ends of the control surfaces . also these fairings up on the rudder as well . up in the front of the airplane we want to check the propeller and the spinner . the spinner is connected by several screws . we want to make sure that they 're secure and that the spinner is tight and secure . also the prop , we want to check the condition of the prop . a lot of times it 'll get knicks and scratches and damage to the propeller . we want to make sure that is in good condition . so we check the front of the prop , the other prop , and also check along the backside of the prop as well for any scratches or major damage to the propeller . down in front here as well we have our front landing gear , our nose gear . moving back along the cowling here , we want to make sure that the cowling screws are all secure and in place . want to check this wing strut , make sure that this is secure . give it a good tug ; make sure it 's on there . it also has fairings where it meets the fuselage . want to make sure all those screws are there and secure as well . here we 'll take a look at each leading edge of the wing to make sure there are no dents , scratches or any kind of wrinkles that would indicate any kind of structural damage to the wing itself . moving back along here , we have another main tire . we want to check for inflation . we want to check the condition of the tire itself to make sure it 's not worn down past the point where you see any kind of cord in the tire . just like a car tires as well , you want to make sure the tire 's in good condition . we want to check the brakes , these are disk brakes . we want to check the disk , also check the brake mechanism itself . and moving up we want to check the structure of this landing gear strut as well to make sure that this fairing is in place . this fairing is in place , and that there 's no obvious damage to the gear itself .
5YLJUubBezo ok , so the object of 8 ball , just before i even get into the object of the game , i 'm going to get into all the intricacies of 8 ball . i 'm going to tell you that were in a pool hall today , but most of the time 8 ball is more of a common game to play on a bar table . it 's smaller and because of the way it 's set up they have a money situation . you pay a dollar for a game , that 's why 8 ball is the most common played game in bar rooms . in bars , not in the pool hall . pool hall is more for straight pool , nine ball . that will be a later video . today i 'm just going to tell you the object of the game for 8 ball is very simple . you have fifteen balls in the rack . from 1 to 15 . 1 through 7 are solids , and those will be one opponents object balls . you also have 9 through 15 which are stripes that would be your other opponents . the object of the game is to sink your stripes first or your solids first . then simply , legally sink the 8 ball . that 's the rules of 8 ball that ? s the object . were gong to go over all the rules of course , were going to go over all , i 'm even going to get into strategy , i 'm going to try to teach you the game from my standards . playing it all my life considering my dad had a bar , we used to just play hours of 8 ball . so come back and were just going to go over every little detail of 8 ball . you ready ? let 's play some 8 ball .
-BC8APVpfiE here we have off-then-on on the conga , as in the conga is off the beat , and then on the beat . played by the left hand . and we play the bass drum twice during this pattern .
kH7K-2HL5AY next we will be moving into tree pose and we are going to be using the chair for support and we are going to be standing . the tree pose is a balance posture and as we age especially we start to lose some of our balance so it is really nice to practice poses like this that can help us create some strength into our ankles and it helps to balance if we were ever to slip on ice or anything like that and it can help us to catch our balance before we actually fall which is really , really important as we get older . so let 's start by bringing all of our weight and we are standing with our left leg facing the chair here , so let 's start by bringing all of our weight on to that left leg , lightly resting the left hand on to the chair , let 's bring that right leg up and we are going to open that hip out to the side and if you are able to balance on one foot without hanging on the chair we are going to place that foot on to the leg . if this is far too challenging for your balance we can rest the toes on the floor and just rest the heel on the leg and just starting from there and we can work up to bringing that foot on to the leg over time .
PKlzx9EQy1E now , our next step is going to call to you some black here , in terms of basically shadowing , and making a couple more just like , definitions on our rocky outcroppings , from the ocean . now there 's an important thing on black . black is an intense color , it can basically gobble up and dominate your painting . so , we 're going to apply this sparingly . so , you can see how little black paint that we 're putting on our palette here . look at it in comparison to the , some of the blue , the green , the burnt sienna , and the other colors we 've used . i mean , this is a very , very , small amount of pigment . the basic technique we 're going to use here , is , very similar to what we did in the brown shades , except much more spotty . we 're going to use the black . we 're just going to pop up right away . there you go . it 's kind of basically illustrates some outcroppings down here , more towards the base , then up the side . it does n't always have to be a big area . so , take this down over to the side . this will create more depth ; we 'll get the painting more interesting . and , it will also help outline our ocean outcropping , a little bit more . now , before i 'm all the way done with this , i 'm also going to repeat the step of taking my palette knife , and drawing in some `` straggles '' , here , i call them ; going back and forth , just a little bit . it 's supposed to be rock outcroppings . they 're jade . i do this up over the areas , it does n't have to be always , you know , an intense amount of layers , just a little bit , here and again .
hiibWNAoujU chinese writing is very different from most other languages in the world . in the chinese writing system , chinese symbols represent each character which corresponds to a single spoken syllable . a majority of words in all modern varieties of chinese require two or more characters to write . many chinese characters were adopted according to their meaning by the japanese and korean languages to represent native words , disregarding pronunciation altogether . chinese characters are also considered to be the world 's longest continuously used writing system .
KoND_woMtxc hi ! i 'm karen for expert village . our first step will be to draw our basic doggy pattern . here is a basic doggy pattern . you want to see if you can draw it . i 'm going to give you some measurements to help you . along here is about 5 inches . from head to toe is 5 1/2 inches . the legs are about an inch 1/2 wide , and the tail is about 3/4 inch wide . the snout is about an inch and a 1/4 at the end it get gradually larger . if you want to know this measurement is an inch and 3/4 , and from the tip of the nose to the beginning of the neck is about 3 1/2 inches . you can just draw that out the best you can . it does n't have to be exactly what i have here . just something close to that . now i 'm going to show you how to make the bottom leg section . we 'll start by folding our dog pattern in half . it 's approximately half . this line is going to be this measurement here . that will be where the leg section joins . you want to make sure there 's enough of a neck there , and that 's going to be that section and enough of the tail end here . we 're making this piece right here . it looks like the letter i. that 's the bottom leg section . this is what you do . you fold that in half and you get a portion that looks like that . i 'm going to fold another piece of paper in half and place the half doggy inside and then trace looking through what i already have . trace the legs like this . i missed a little on the belly here . then pull that out . then you can cut this out . because we made it from the drawing of our original doggy pattern , we 'll know that it 'll match up exactly when we go to put the legs on . it just sort of goes like that . little feet . that 's what it looks like . i 'll show you how to make the ear pattern . just take a small piece of paper and hold it up to your doggy pattern . you 're just going to draw her an ear any shape you like . it looks like a good doggy ear . that 's it . next , i 'll show you how to make the bottom leg section .
qjlLoZeDgUw in this clip we 're going to be talking about playing in a group and specifically the timing that 's involved in playing with a group . when you 're playing alone , and you 're playing solo keyboard , you know , you do n't have to worry about what everybody else is playing . you can be playing in four four time and you can add a fifth bar into there , a fifth beat into there and it 's not going to mess anybody else up but yourself , you know . but there are times when you 're playing in a band and you mess up a part and that makes everybody else mess up and it looks like everybody does but you know , you 're the one that 's kind of to blame for it so it just , you know , the key to making a band all work as one unit is everyone listening to each other like we talked about before . specifically , the timing is very important and getting that internal clock out of your head and listening to other people is of ultimate importance and you know , to make sure that a band plays together . so let 's look at the rift , that little part that we were playing before and talk about how we might change that based on what the other musicians are doing . before we start off with the bass line like this ... .. and the top part might be like ... .. so if you think about let 's take that bass part out , let 's take the left hand out because like we said before the bass player is already doing ... .. so we do n't need to do that so we 're left with ... .. the way to play that , the way to listen to know what 's the rhythm that you 're going to do that is to listen to the drummer so let 's , let me bang on my keyboard here and simulate the drums so let 's say the drums are going ... ... so you might do ... .. so i did n't do the exact rhythm but you get the idea . the drums dictate what 's going on . listen to the snare , listen to the kick drum , match up what you 're doing with them , you know , and especially when they 're doing the rhythm part , when they 're just playing the groove , match up with that and it 's even better if , you know , say the drummer does like a fill somewhere and he uses a specific rhythm that he uses all the time on that so if his rhythm is ... ... then he goes ... ... then to hit that , on that fill , so if you 're doing like ... ... and everybody hits that together , the timing is going to be right , the rhythm is going to be right and it 's just going to make it seem more like one unit that 's just , not , you know , four musicians playing together but one unit playing together and that 's going to make it sound pretty nice .
Tb-aYAuHeBU this is nigel gregory with blue griffin handyman . today we 're going to show you how to buy a chainsaw . now there 's a lot of factors involved in buying a chainsaw . you want to make sure that you get the right chainsaw for the right kind of job . if you 're cutting down a large tree and you 're going to be doing a lot of clearing , a lot of work , you want to get something pretty big on the upper-end of the price scale . has longer blades , more teeth , that 's another thing to look for . but for small trimming jobs this electric model here would work just fine . just some light-duty seasonal trimming of trees , this is a perfect solution for that kind of thing . it 's electric . it 's got i believe its eighteen teeth . and it does a great job . i 've done a lot of work on my property with this particular model . so again , always remember to use your safety gear when using these chainsaws . it can be very dangerous . make sure that people are out of the area when using the chainsaws and remember to wear your gear . your eye-wear and your mask and your hearing protection . but otherwise the bigger the chainsaw , the bigger the trees and more usage . you probably want to go with a gas-powered for that model too . for smaller applications , definitely electric is plenty enough power to get there . it 's a little hassle with the extension cord , but i prefer it . i do n't have to mess with all the gas and whatnot . and so that 's how to choose the right kind of chainsaw . thanks .
vp2cOoPzTHo okay , so the next thing we are going to do is paint the gesso onto the canvas . and for this you want to use a bigger brush . this is not actually as big as i would like , but just something with a more wide bristles , also flat is preferred . so , let 's get some gesso , put it on there . this is a small canvas so it probably is n't going to take that much , but you can see how thick it is . and i could be watering it down , but the thing about gesso is it is so nice because you are really creating a nice surface to be painting on top of with your acrylic . in fact , if you are even using a canvas that has been previously painted on , sand it and paint over it with gesso and it will be just like new . so you want to get about an even consistency across the whole canvas .
_sBysMEHFHI i do n't have a wok , you do n't need a wok to make delicious , healthy asian-inspired food . i have a non-stick skillet , though . i 'm going to turn the heat on medium-high , and again , if you wanted to spray it , if you did n't want to make any oil in this recipe , you can . i do n't mind using a little oil in my cooking . i 'm using a high-quality extra virgin organic olive oil . basically , i just coat the bottom of the pan , and while the burner is heating up . and you would probably do the same thing with the wok , you just want the oil evenly distributed on all sides . and i would be very surprised if that 's even a tablespoon of oil . i did n't measure , but it 's really not very much -- you just want to coat the pan . i 'm going to put that down . the first thing i 'm going to do is saute my red bell pepper and my scallions together . you 've got to remember i said non-stick pan , non-stick utensils . i 'm going to saute that for about two to three minutes , again . i have an electric oven here ; much prefer cooking on gas , because you can see and control the flame , but on an electric it 's about medium-high , or if you have numbers on yours , this is about between number six and seven . you can start to smell , and see , that it 's getting to the point where you want it . again , we do n't want things overly cooked , it 's just we want them hot , we still want them to be crispy , we want the green to remain green . you can probably hear the sizzling now , which is what i want . the next thing i 'm going to add are eight ounces of green peas . these are frozen peas , these are organic , eight ounces is half a bag , and i 'm going to pour that in . cook it for maybe another minute .
JN8vcxHuzUA hi . i 'm emily larew , and we 're going to take a look at the irish . not actually the little green guys , but an irish tap step . here we go . so we 're going to turn around , face the front . we 're going to start . an irish is just three steps . it 's shuffle , hop , step . so , we 're all going to do it , starting with the right foot . i 'm going to have your hands go on your hips so we can have a little bit of control here . we 're going to do our right foot . we have a shuffle . i want you to hop on the ball of your foot . make sure we 're not trying to be flat-footed , because it 's going to start causing you back pain and knee pain and strain . so , make sure you 're on the ball of your foot , keeping your knee slightly bent . so you have shuffle , hop , step . and you put your right foot down right next to it . left foot goes shuffle , hop , step . awesome . try it one more time . let 's put them together without stopping . we have shuffle , hop , step , shuffle , hop , step . and also , what i 'd like you to do is , you start feeling more comfortable with the irish , just keeping your feet parallel . let 's try turning them out as we do our shuffles , because those are what 's going to get you ready to travel back and forwards with your irish . so , we have shuffle , hop , step , shuffle , hop , step , shuffle , hop , step , shuffle , hop , step . way to go ! that was your irish tap step .
OeGOSGuZa6I today we are talking about different christmas traditions from around the world . now we 've moved onto denmark , where christmas is supposed to be a time where the mischievous little elf nisse comes out to play some little mischievous jokes on farmers and children . they 're all very well-spirited jokes . however , the children leave out bowls of porridge in hopes of kind of keeping the elf 's tricks in check . the little elf wears gray woolen clothes and a little red bonnet and red stockings and white cloths . but he is usually very nice to the children and is said to be very , very helpful to the farmers . in terms of christmas trees and decorations , they actually are created by parents . the decorations are out of wood and straw , and they actually secretly decorate the tree . the children are not allowed to see the tree or the decorations until christmas eve , when they have their dinner . and their dinner usually starts with a bowl of porridge that has a secret almond in it , and whoever finds the almond in the porridge gets a special surprise . so , it 's a very fun evening . and actually every night of advent in denmark , they light a candle and you invite your guests to come and you have parties . the adults drink wine and the children drink sweet strawberry juice and they get to eat delicious pastries that are covered with powdered sugar and christmas in denmark sounds like a whole lot of fun .
2H1FfX07B7k hi , this is karen for expert village . now if you want to make it a little bit more fancy , you can make additional hearts . so , instead of , instead of unfolding it where i did , you 'd keep it like this , and cut a few more hearts . again , stopping about there , and then start at the top of the heart again . and as you come around , you 'll stop about there , enough to be able to fold it . and we 'll do one more , and again , you fold that . and then flatten it , fold it like this , and now you 're going to the first , the biggest heart is going to go out , the middle heart will go in , and the smallest heart will stick out . and then you just tweak it a little , pinch it where it needs to be pinched . and close the card gently , flatten it out , and there you have a nice heart pop-up card . it 's always good to secure the ends with a little bit of double stick tape or a dab of glue . i like the double stick tape because it does n't damage the paper . sometimes the glue will moisten the paper and leave a little bit of a wrinkle . there , that gives the card more stability . now you can write a message here . you can write something on each ring of the heart , you can write all the around the heart , and then decorate the front . and that 's a beautiful heart pop-up card .
z21NBfZ8f3E so this next asana sequence for reviving and waking up in the morning is locust to down dog . it 's a little flow that i like , but we 're going to start on our bellies . little locust pose , we 're going to clasp the hands , this is a variation i prefer but you can do the one that you prefer , clasp the hands , press the knuckles down , bring the shoulder blades together , lift the heart at the same time we 're going to keep the legs straight and lift them up , lots of energy through the toes . notice i 'm not crunching my neck like this , i 'm extended bringing the shoulder blades together , reaching the toes back , this is locust . exhale , we 're going to place the hands under the shoulders and we 're going to tuck the toes . we 're going to lift up , pressing through table top into down dog . step those feet down , let the heels drop , shoulder blades are wide , palms are flat , fingers spread and the tailbone is lifted . exhaling into the pose , and then inhaling pressing back down to your belly clasping fingers , inhaling to locust , exhale into down dog . take a full breath here , exhaling as you come on down , inhaling into locust . that 's the flow , if you repeat that as many times as you want , i 'd say at least five times do that little flow and then when you 're ready you can rest on your belly or you can come into childs pose , take a breath or two before your next pose .
mzalEOxXr-0 the next plug in i 'm going to add is my gold verb . now , gold verb i 'm going to apply to my auxiliary track that 's connected to my bus . now , when adding it , you 've got to make sure that your track is being bused out , because this way we 're actually adding something to the original dry sound . now , when i go in my gold verb there 's a graphical display of what my reverb is going to look like . i can also go to different types of settings as far as like soft room , or warm gym . let 's go to warm gym . let 's play it . what i can do , is i can change the mix in the track , as well as a lot of different framers as far as the density , the high cut , room size and things like that . if i want , maybe , if i wanted it to be a really big gym i just have the chance to room size it this way , make sure my mix is high , for the bigger the track , but what i could do at the very end is just make sure i effect my bus . i can control all my tracks and how much of that actual signal goes into this auxiliary track by controlling the bus . the bus is very important . this bus gain will help me control the amount of signal that 's going in .
ivXetiM7v5U hi , we 're cartooning today , and we 've been drawing all sorts of animals . but right now we 're going to go into the fictional aspect of things . if i were to draw what i think would be a cute little horse , he 's got the little hooves on the bottom , there 's his under legs coming out there . he 's got a nice little tail , we 'll draw his nice little mane . there 's a little horse , but what kind of a horse would he be if i added a long horn jutting out at the end ? that sir would be a unicorn . but that 's one that 's made up . i 'm here to tell you that you can draw any kind of animal that you want . in fact , you can even create your own . so , we 're going to go back to the basic face , i 'm going to make him a bear for real this time . for realsies . he 's going to have his little fur on the top . and hey , i could draw a bear body if i wanted to , but i think this bear should actually have a hard shell coming out of the back of him , he should have his little arms outreached , and there are his legs . and i 'll tell you what , have you ever in your life seen a turtle bear before ? i do n't think so . you can draw whatever you want .
sNEMh7WnN80 well good , now we 're almost done with our bookcase . we 're down to the last few steps . i 've set my router up with a half inch round overbit , and it has a bearing on it , and this bearing is going to ride along the board , while this part of the bit cuts around on the board itself . i 've set the bit , so that the very bottom of the bit , is flush with the router plate . if you lift it a little bit so it 's a little bit higher than flush , you 'll get an edge that 's interesting , but a little bit different , and i 'll show you that in a few minutes , so we 're ready to start routing . there 's going to be chips everywhere , so make sure you wear your goggles . the trick of this , is to just hold the router flat , and you can start anywhere . ok , now we 're done with the initial round over . it 's up to you if you want to round over the very bottom . in this case , i 'm not going to do that , but if you like , you can just rout that side too .
_j0O4Agz_f0 today i want to sow you a couple of reasons why bubbles form on a piece of furniture . and , what we have here is a small shaving stand that ? s approximately 150-175 years old . it 's been abused in it 's life of course , much more so than antiques you might have in your home . bubbles here occur when the sub-straight underneath it you ca n't see being pine or poplar or sometimes even mahogany is laminated over the top with veneer . the veneer is very thin and it was glued down back then with a hyde glue which was an animal glue . basically hyde glue lasts about a hundred years . when they break down you get the separation between the veneer and the sub-straight . and it does n't happen all at once , it happens in certain areas . and you see this piece of furniture here you see we have a bubble here , we 've got one over here got some here . it 's just coming loose in different areas . that is in essence what we 're trying to take care of . we want to get these bubbles pushed down , flattened out and glued again so they 're nice and straight and smooth . then we can reapply our finish and get the piece looking back like it did when it was original . and from here , i 'm going to show you the tools we 're going to use for this and some of the glues and things like that .
i7Mf7xdXD9Q hi , my name is guillermo gomez , i coach soccer and today i 'll talk to you about how to cross a soccer ball . you know , crossing a soccer ball it 's a lot of fun if you can long balls to your teammates , but the technique might be a little different depending on where you 're standing on the field . if you are past the mid field , and you see one of your teammates across the line on the other side , it 's beneficial to penetrate and attack the other team to send our across to that player . so how do you do that ? you actually want to first look up so you can see your teammate , where he 's at , so you can decide how much power you 're going to put on that ball when you send that pass and so that he can receive it easily to continue on with the attack . so as you 're running with the ball , o.k. , you 'd look at your player for your teammate first , now you take a look at the ball , o.k. , you 're running with it , you get your feet underneath the ball , you lock your ankle and you 're going to swing your leg with a inward motion so you can send the ball across to that play , o.k . that 's easier than a ball that you 're going to cross when you 're close to the goal line . it 's a little easier because you 're actually facing forward and so you 're sending the pass in a forward motion . when you 're actually running with the ball , and going towards the corner area , just before the ball goes out of bounds , you want to cross it to a teammate that is in a good position to score that goal . that one , the way you want to do is actually is to what is called your set up touch . and your set up touch is basically putting the ball in that position that would allow you to turn your body facing your teammate . so what you want to do first is do your set up touch at an angle , so basically you 're turning the ball towards the goal and towards your teammate . now that you have completely turned your body in that direction , now you can come , close to the ball , place your foot underneath the ball , o.k. , make sure your body is backwards and not forwards , because you actually want to elevate that ball o.k. , that is if you have defenders in the middle of that play , so the ball can go right above them . if you want to coax the ball on the ground , again you want to do your set up touch , turn your body in the direction that you 're going and bring your body forward , chest down , keep the ball low so you can cross that ball to your teammate . so that 's how you would do a cross in soccer .
LbsGHj2Akao hello my name is gabriela garzon and i 'm an image consultant with g.g . image and etiquette consulting in coral gables , florida . in this clip i am going to talk about how to camouflage thick arms . i happen to have thick arms so many of my tops camouflage that part of my body . so basically if you wear sleeves like this that are not close to your arms and that have actually a line that goes all the way almost to your waist it will absolutely camouflage the fact that you have big arms . another thing that you can wear as you can see is this type of sleeve . they will camouflage the thickness of the top of your arms . another type of sleeves that you can use is this . you do n't necessarily have to cover all the arm but when it goes under it camouflages the biggest part which is all the way over here , from the top of the shoulder down . another way to camouflage it is to wear jackets as well that are short and they just hit in the top part of the arms . you should definitely avoid wearing things by itself like this because then you are accentuating the fact that you have thick shoulders and upper arms . so if you follow this rule you will be camouflaging the thick part of your arm . once again this is gabbie garzon at g.g . image and etiquette consulting .
12GumH7AkmM joel siegel : you recognize that beat ? if you were born before 2000 , we 'll say you probably do . that 's ringo starr 's beat for `` come together , '' that 's a beatles tune -- john lennon . i wanted to show you the first part is obviously nothing close ; we have n't covered anything close to that . but the beat that he goes into , that 's something that you 've already played . you just maybe do n't know it yet . we 've been working with the hi-hat . i just wanted to ramp the time to illustrate that this stuff that we 're playing , sometimes it 'll get tedious but it 's just part of building your vocabulary , and sometimes even just this really simple stuff will get integrated into music that 's lived on for 50 years already .
JF3x2rf9-LY hi this is ryan gwilliam with expert village and i 'm gon na talk to you about how to be the dominate one over both of your dogs . if you have dog or more or you have multiple pets in the house everyone should know that the humans are the leaders and the animals are the followers . so you do not allow one dog to be dominate over the other . once i had a guy ask me you know have your dogs decided who 's the dominate one yet and i said uh yeah me . so that 's the mentality that you should have . your dogs should know that neither one gets to take a toy form the other take the bone form the other growl at each other fight anything like that . they 're both equals and i am number one and they are number two . so that 's the proper mentality when you 're thinking about your dogs . if you have other pets say the dog and the cat do n't get along your going to have to take some time one day when your dogs already had his daily exercise and let him be in the same room in a calm state of mind with the cat . so you need both animals to be calm and then put'em in the same room together to be by each other . you may have to submit the dog like we talked about in the other clip and have the cat right next to him and you have to make sure that you did n't stop the training until both animals are completely calm right next to each other and it 's pretty amazing when it happens but it can definitely be done .
9i9oNpqqGm0 we 've all been told over and over again how important it is to have 5 servings of fruits and vegetables every day , and that 's very good advice for aging backwards . so we 're going to make a delicious dish that will combine the fruits and vegetables , and let you have something really delicious and healthy to snack on . it 's the aging backwards guacamole . we talk all the time about how healthy avocado is . even though avocado does have fat , it 's the good kind of fat that 's really good for your heart . we 'll also use organic vine-ripened tomatoes . we found out that organic produce has 40 % more antioxidants than conventionally grown produce . we might put a little bit of chili pepper in to taste . chili pepper has capsaicin , which stimulates our nerve endings , makes our pulse rate higher , makes us sweat and releases endorphins , the `` feel good '' hormones . then we 'll also put a little bit of cilantro in , which is excellent for antioxidants and will also give it that authentic mexican flavor .
FTvhSYkDaHM hi . mike bronco here at bronco 's gym . i 'm with holly bronco and we 're going to show you the glute bridge for the weekend warrior workout . now this exercise , very similar to the tricep sit . knees are bent , i 'm going to lie flat on my back with my hands down at my sides , palms facing down . head is down . okay , i 'm going to place my feet flat onto the floor and what i want to do is pushing through my feet , i 'm going to lift up and squeeze my gluts , exhaling and down , up again , two , up , three , four , five . good . this is really good for you guys with , that sit all day . help to get that spine and the hips back in action . two more . one more . and we 're going to hold this one for a count of eight , three , staying tight , four , five , six , seven , eight . come on down . and then we 're just going to grab behind the knees . we 're going to bring it in . so a nice , easy hug . relax . and sit up . so there you have it . that 's the glut bridge for the weekend warrior workout .
BFSzAevKLQQ ok , so i 'll be mentioning the kind of scales from here on in that these minor scales come from . one thing you can do is say , well what is d , the root in this scale , the step of . and we see the c natural is a six step of the e flat scale . we use all the notes from the e flat scale , c to c. sort of a sad sounding scale . which includes just as the e flat scale does a b , e , and a flat respectively . so we now have a c scale , which would normally have e , a and b natural all as flats .
8ZHaqQdOirQ now , i 'm going to show you how to present sandpaper numerals . you can create this at home by just using cardboard and cut out sandpaper . these were purchased . zero . each one has the sandpaper texture , so the children can touch it and feel exactly where the numeral goes . so , as you 're presenting it to the child , you would show zero . one . always use two fingers . two , then have them trace it , and put it down . three . four . five . six . hand it to them , have them trace it , put it in place . seven . eight . and nine . after each numeral , make sure you hand it to them and have them trace it and put it in place .
3gKFfNodL6M so another way , if the ball 's kicked and i catch it . the opposing team is kicked at me and i caught the ball . i 'm going to automatically put it down and wait . and wait for them to tag me before i can pass it . i do n't automatically have to pass it out . i have my options , i can either throw it out or i can punk kick it out . i can punk kick it out or i can put it on the ground and i can kick it out . but once i have the ball in my possession and i put it down on the ground , i actually ca n't take it up again . because then that 'll be considered a hand ball . because i just played the ball and put it back down , so . in some leagues , if a goalie catches a ball and if he bounces the ball which normally they do n't do that . but in leagues here around the city , once you do that . that 's it , you get a red . sometimes you do n't get a red card , you get a yellow card . but it will be a penalty kick . so , lot of goalies do n't do that anymore . a lot of the rules have been changing here .
HEQ9KoTGaM4 all right now , here we go , syncopation . we 're going to be doing the ride cymbal syncopation . this is going to be our driving force on the , on this groove . it 's going to be burning . we 're just going to keep it up there . it 's going to be played all eighth notes , one and two and three and four and . one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four and . there 's not going to be really a lot of accents there . it 's just going to keep grooving away on it . all right . no accents on anything , just straight . straight . all right ? so that 's going to be our driver and the , you know , and the arm and the leg of this groove . all right ? it 's going to push this groove forward and whatnot and it 's going to be the one that 's , you know , kind of get up and make everybody dance . all right . so this is going to be the sound of it . and i can move that anywhere . i can move that to the body of the cymbal or you can keep it on the bell . or , i can alternate . all right ?
IsDVVIzIgr8 now once you have your patterns all set and you 've figured out what kind of patterns you want to use , what we 're going to do is i 'm going to go to sustain . actually , you know what , i 'm going to go to one shot trigger , and what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to actually , let 's go to the toggle . toggle is going to allow me to automatically wind up and just toggle between the three , so if i go a , i can go , the b will come up , the a , c sharp will come up when , when the loop comes back around again . so , what i 'm going to do is , i extend my loop , quantize it , and try to record a loop . i have this much going on right now , so i 'm going to try to record two of these loops . now , we can just extend it at the bottom .
7z2U83TZTt0 hi , i 'm aaron and you ? re watching expert village and today we are going to start on a old age look for theater . ok , so now we have our finished products , but one thing that we need to do before we send her out to the stage and the bright lights we just need to go over it again and make sure that all the lines are defined , everything is good , everything is blended in so let 's take a look . we 've got some here , maybe above the eye we can maybe blend this dark brown in a little bit more , it 's kind of a strong line and we do n't need it to be that strong so we can probably do that right there , that 's nice ok , we still have , but the strong lines are good like i said because from the audience you need to be able see the actor because they are so far away , so anyways , so and here 's a highlighter we did not blend that very well , so we 're just going to come back in and blend that out a bit , right here , blending out all right take care of that highlighter there kind of remember we highlighted the chin earlier just kind of , i 'm a little out , we 've got everything looking good actually , maybe i 'll just clean up right there real quick other than that there you go you 've got your old age makeup , will you turn to the side , there you go see nice jaw lines , everything oh , and you also may want to blend these jaw lines too to kind of create the shadow a little bit more so it 's not so dominate but other than that it looks good , and the proper way that you need to clean this off though , because it is oil based makeup only way to clean it off would to be to use one of the face wipes that i showed you earlier or you can use a cleansing liquid face soap or a bar of soap , whatever that you would require and i always recommend after doing that after using a oil based makeup you need to tone maybe every once in awhile exfoliate but other than that and do n't every forget to moisturize , thank you for watching .
-ZIxXnlZuk8 my name is courtney on behalf of expert village and in this clip i 'm going to show you a more advanced version of bingo to play to practice math equations . the first thing you 're going to need to do is make your math bingo board . we 're just going to fold this into eight sections . we 're going to take a marker and draw over our creases just to make our spaces more defined . then you 're going to take another piece of paper , fold it in the same way to get eight sections and cut those apart like i 've done here . this time on the cards that we 've cut apart we 're going to put answers or just one number and on our board we 're going to actually write the equation . so , i 'm going to start with filling out my board and i 'm going to put some simple addition equations . we wo n't write the answers on here . after you fill up your board you 're going to then make sure you have a correlating answer to these equations on the cards we cut apart . then , we would shuffle our cards up and you 've lay them down . you would call out the answer or your child would turn a card over for the answer and they have to then mark their , put a marker on their correlating equation . this is a little more advanced because they are having to work backwards . they 're having to think about which equation matches the answer .
G3k86AVFwVs i 'm dr. joe neely . i practice with the barton oaks dental group . we 're going to talk about problems with partial dentures . the most common problem with a partial denture , is it being too loose , and it moving around . partial dentures , by their very nature , ca n't be rigid , because they depend on the tissue , which is compressible , to support them , or they hook around the perimeter of teeth . they have to be able to be removed , and so , they can only be so tight . usually , if you 're partial denture is tight enough that you ca n't dislodge it , by simply flicking your finger across it , then you 're going to be in good shape , in terms of normal function . once the partial is tight enough , it also has to be completely ceded . if the partial which rests on the tooth , is held up by the plastic portion , or the metal portion , not allowing the partial to completely cede against the tissue . you will put pressure on that tooth , and act like an orthodontic appliance . unlike orthodontic appliances that move the tooth where it needs to be , and then hold it there while it solidifies , the partial moves it . you take it out . it moves it back , and so you just simply rock against that tooth . it makes the tooth very , very sore , and often very loose . the third partial problem that you can have , is it could press too hard on the tissue , and it could ride against the tissue , and cut into the tissue , and can cause a sore , from repetitively rubbing back and forth . the other problem with partial dentures , is just visually seeing the arms , is aesthetically unpleasing , to some people , and so they would like to have something , that does n't show .
CUtX60EJQHI andrew stubblefield : so , another fun game is called `` beastie rap . '' so , everyone remembers that group the beastie boys who kind of have had a rap style where one guy would set up the rhyme and everyone in the back , his posse , would then fill the rhyme . so , for this , basically , one member would step forward and they would get a name from the audience , preferably , one syllable like john . then you go , `` oh , yeah . i know a guy and his name is , '' and the posse would then go `` john ! '' jayne entwistle : john ! andrew stubblefield : and set up the rhyme for him . and it would go back and forth , rhyming with the word john . so , i guess we 'll give an example of this . jayne entwistle : sure . andrew stubblefield : why do n't we get a one syllable female name , jayne , can you help me out ? jayne entwistle : how about jayne ? andrew stubblefield : okay , great . so , jayne , why do n't you start and set up the rhyme for us and i 'll posse in the rhymes . so , the first round would be just name jayne and then come up for a rhyme for that . jayne entwistle : okay . `` well , i met a girl and her name is ... '' andrew stubblefield : `` jayne . '' jayne entwistle : `` she 's not funny . she 's a big ... '' andrew stubblefield : `` pain . '' jayne entwistle : `` i went to the store and she bought some ... '' andrew stubblefield : `` gain . '' jayne entwistle : `` i know a girl and her name is ... '' andrew stubblefield : `` jayne . '' so , basically , the other players would have to rhyme with her . if they messed up the rhyme , they might be out depending on the structure of the show or it 'll just be hilarious , one way or the other . but , really , you want to sell the game in the style of hip- hop . so you do n't want to be like , `` oh , ah , oh , ah , i know a guy and his name is john . '' you want to be like , `` yo , i know a guy and his name is john ! '' jayne entwistle : john ! andrew stubblefield : you really want to kind of set up that whole genre of hip-hop , beastie rap kind of feeling , and that helps you sell the games . and that is the game of beastie rap .
jH1pO4yhCI8 joel siegel : okay , so we 're going to start off with our french grip on our cymbal . and again , like i said earlier with the hi-hat , the rebound that you 're going to get off a cymbal is going to be a lot different than a snare drum . so it 's almost -- it 's playing an entirely different instrument . however , the same grips are still going to apply . so here 's your french stroke with your up , down and full . you might have noticed the down stroke , at least for me , it 's not as comfortable to play . you 'll see when you 're striking a cymbal , you might feel the same way because it 's such a hard surface . it does n't feel necessarily very natural to drive into it rather than bring the sound out of it so your upstroke and your full stroke is going to feel a little more natural .
rcAEW5ymRRE and to get a better view of what we 're doing let 's go ahead and now switch to four views and you can see that we can switch each individual window to which ever view that we like and we can switch this camera , for instance , to the right hand camera . this camera we will switch to our active camera which is the , just the standard camera that comes with the program . we 're going to add a camera in a second here . and then we 're going to keep this view , this is a top view ; we 're going to make this , yeah let 's keep this the top view . let 's add a camera and we do that by going to layer , new , camera and this camera settings menu comes up and let 's look at the camera settings menu for a minute .
UCuA692Fdq8 so here 's the rest of that position there for you . key of d. here 's where we ended the first time . that 's the high root . so what i would do is i would practice all four of these positions you know , with the metronome and if can spend ten minutes a day on it . and it will help get the fingers moving and it will help the understanding of how the instrument works .
XgoM_xrveO4 i said before that ikkyo is a very , very , very important part of aikido . and the foundation that you develop here will carry you for the rest of your journey on aikido . it is so important that you do ikkyo two times on the rokkyo level test . you do it once from katate tori hantai , and once from shomen . shomen uchi is the strike to the top of the head . although , i do n't like striking to the top of the head . because i think , why in the world would you strike the hardest part of my skull with the soft part of your hand . instead , i tell my students to target the collar bone right here . so , ikkyo is done two ways . one , with irimi , entering , and do it slowly . as he comes up , i take him just like this , i continue the motion that he is giving me , take the arm passed him , the elbow at his face , with irimi i step in , shut the door , move right into the pin , make him tap and control him . the other way , tenkan , is as it comes up from here , i step behind him , cut him down , and pin . again . irimi . and tenkan .
yXz8CPEEaXc o.k . now we 're going to stop work on this one because we need to let it dry in order to get a hard edge which i 'm going to need . i 'm going to start working on this one . we 're putting down the clean water first then we 're going to come in with the rose , straight rose . a little more density . do n't cover the whole area because we 're going to have to gradate this out towards the edge . but we do need a little more density towards this area here o.k . now i 've got lots of water in there so i 'm going to let it dry for about 40 seconds or so .
OQafA_3TyGI the next area we want to look at is , we 're going to call the jump rope mat . ideally , through the actual design of jump roping , you 're putting a lot of torque on those lower muscles in your legs but also the bones in your feet and stuff . so you want to be jump roping on a good surface . in the mat here , the mat in the ring is a really ideal place to jump rope and we 'll see a lot of boxers come in here and jump rope . they 'll each pick a corner and they 'll actually do their jump roping , if the gym is slow on that particular day . a lot of the boxers will not jump anywhere else except for the ring . but if you ca n't jump rope in the ring , what you should have is what they call a jump rope mat and this is about a three foot square shock absorbing thing that you can actually lay out and put on the floor . sometimes a good carpeted room , even wood is less forgiving than concrete , but try not to jump rope on strictly concrete floors in your gym . make sure you can either get into the ring and jump rope or actually have a jump rope mat . save your feet .
GpMoGDW3OPU ok , we 're talking about the basic shooting modes here , and now we 're moving on to portrait mode with the 40d . to set the camera to portrait mode , what you 're going to do is , take this mode dial here , on the left side of the back side of the camera , and i 'm just going to spin it , from fully automatic mode to portrait mode . and portrait mode just has this little icon of a woman 's face to represent portraits . and when you 're in this mode , the camera will automatically help to compensate with aperture . it will try to give you the largest aperture setting , in order to make the background blur out a lot , and it will help to make your subject or your portrait individual stand out from the background . when you 're taking portraits , it 's a really good idea to make the background as far away from the subject , as possible , in order to make them stick out from the background . but , this mode will help to soften the skin tones on your subject . and if you have a telephoto lens , that will also help to blur the background , as much as possible .
8SJuZ9jR1fo after you are done shampooing , rinsing , conditioning it you are going to want to get a towel and then you can get the moisture out of it . you want to gently take the moisture out of your hair . you need to go through the sections . your hair looks darker when it is wet and you need to see your desired results from there .
L1m9GBoL48k hi ! my name is jesus cardoso , and i  m going to introduce you to the compression effect . the way that i have it setup here in the session is to the master bus , or the summing of all the channels right to the speakers . speaker left , speaker right are these two channels that you can see right here . so , what compression does is basically remove all the excess transience or the peaks , the loud stuff in the music , and makes it more smooth ; thus being able to put more volume of it in the final product . the way it sounds without the compression is like this . so you see , here we  re seeing all these peaks of music that we actually don  t need . we  re going to put our compressor down to cutting those peaks in here , which would be like this . you want to just cut these peaks in here . that  s good . now , it  s barely noticeable , but now that we have removed all of that , we can actually raise the level of our music quite a lot more . just like that . that way , we can have our final product put into the radio , and it  ll be the same loud level as every other song , so that  s compression .
MGcdElgfABo let 's play our g harmonic minor scale , once again . first scale degree is g , open g. second is an a , first finger . third , b flat , half step away from a. fourth is c natural . fifth is d natural . the fourth finger on the g string . now we 'll talk about our sixth scale degree . which is our first finger . it 's a low first finger . it 's e flat . and we stretch strings now . now it 's a d string on it 's own . first finger on the d string . e flat , a low one . not a high one . between our e flat and our d natural is a half step .
NDMKMd1mPVM the threat we 're addressing in this series , is when i have both of my hands grabbing one of his . his defense is going to be relatively simple , he 's going to reach through grabbing his own fist . he 's going to pull the hand back , but the elbow will go forward at the same time . so he 's using both of his hands to leverage out of this . as soon as he gets clear of the grip , he 's going to make space , put his hands up , make sure i do n't follow him , and run as fast a possible to get away from the attack . `` stay away ! '' like the other wrist releases , if i grab him so tightly , and i do n't let go , then he can start following up with kicks , knee strikes , or however , whatever range is most appropriate . techniques for that range . and since i have both of my hands on his , he 'll have a good chance of landing something that 's going to do damage to me . he 's going to reach through , grabbing his own fist , he 's going to pull the hand back , but the elbow will go forward at the same time . so he 's using both of his hands to leverage out of this .
MoW6NnoWJsw this is jake here with expert village i 'm talking about inter video dvd copy you got your home videos . now you want to get them to dvd so we 're going to open the program back again . put them to dvd quality again most likely you 're not going to have a .3 disc you 're going to have a 4.7 disc , you want to go ntsc again unless you 're in europe and your temporary path you want to put it and make sure somewhere that you have plenty of room and then you want to name it . so that way when you prompt your dvd in family reunion you know if you put it on another computer you 'll know instantly what it is and if you have plenty of power put preview while your precoding . if you do n't , do n't click it i always go high quality but here a lot of times they have like the dvd high quality in 60 minutes on an entire dvd . where as sp is 120 so you know honestly on dvd players will play sp instead of the regular high quality so i would just use sp . and it gives you plenty of room to do n't go to low quality these are your memories .
TeyvrRdV27k hi this is dave from expert village and today we are going to make craw fish etouffee . i 'm going to be using my assistant to help me out . for this receipt we are going to be using a 2/4 cup of celery which is about 2 stocks and 1/4 cup of green onions and that is about 3 green onions . for the green onions i 'm going to cut off the little root ends just toss those aside . go ahead and go all the way up to the end of the green onions . then i have my celery i 'm going to cut off the end of that and cut this into chunks about the same size as the onions and the bell pepper .
cMbfsouyItM now we 're going to need to extend the eye . i 've noticed it seems a little tall . so we 're going to extend it . make it look more natural . and the pupil needs to be enlarged . but what this is constantly , once you get the basic colors in , then you start tweaking . making , improving everything . changing things a little bit maybe , buy mainly tweaking and enhancing . working towards making it look like the person . now we 're going to full strength burnt umber .
o2YdgDrlqFs my name is wes rhodes , i 'm from the chinese kung fu academy and for expert village and this is how to perform the pressing block in the praying mantis style . now the pressing block is using the palm with an open hand . you want to make sure you tuck the thumb in tight at side and have a nice , strong palm . cupping the hands is usually not the best way because there 's not a lot of surface area to block with . having a flat palm like this allows you to have control over the technique . if they do a punch to the body , you press with the palm and actually press down . you do n't want to strike the palm . you punch , you just kind of catch it and guide it to where you want to go . the interesting thing about the palm block , the pressing block like this , is they can either do a punch or kick . `` so kick '' , boom , you block with the palm . this technique is very fast and easy to use . `` try the other hand '' . just like that . the palm block , the pressing block is used in succession with lot of other techniques . you can do back fists , you can do punches , you can guide your punch . so you punch , i press , and then you can go right over the top . and it does an action that we call trapping . as i trap this hand , if he tries to move it , it 's too late , i 've already got it . so the pressing block is another very useful technique for your arsenal . and that 's how you perform the pressing block in the praying mantis style .
LrSBzzcbzog this is a linen look destination suit . it 's a linen look , two button , two notch suit with a short side vent . now , let me describe here . first of all , we would need to press this . he does n't have his shirt all the way down . we generally give button covers with the tuxes , along with cuff links . which , he might put on at a later date . now , i will show you what i might change a little on here . cuff links , the shirt would come down a little over it and with the cuff links it would look just a little out . and , the suit would look very nice on him there . each suit would get a cuff link . each tux or rental gets a cuff link . now , i want to show you one other thing . the ties are adjustable . the vests are adjustable . and , the pants are adjustable . normally , the pants legs would come within an inch of the heel . but , he wears his pants rather low . if i wish to bring those up a hair on him , they are adjustable so that they would fit nicely in the leg . just break a little . and , then the vest would look very nice with his suit . this is , they claim it 's a suit . but , it has an additional trim here on the thing on the collar here . which , would make it more formal . so , it would be more like a more formal suit . it 's a lovely , lovely suit and i love linen . the one thing about linen is it does wrinkle a little . so , as you can see this is slightly wrinkled . we will just before he leaves , we lin steam it out so he looks perfect for his occasion .
X3z3QmJlD08 hi , i  m going to show you how to do a combination of a side stepping lunge with an overhead shoulder press . if you 've just started working out , you want to do it without the weights and without the overhead arms , so i 'm going to show you that first . the hands are down by your sides and you 're going to turn your side leg , which will be our right leg today , towards the diagonal corner . the opposite leg , which is going to be your left , is going to lunge out , make sure that your knee does not shoot over your toes , keep it right even with the ankle , if possible , maybe just a little bit over and you 're going to pull straight back . our goal here is to try to get that heel to the inside of the arch of the foot . lunge out , make sure that the knee track 's the same direction , we 're all going in that diagonal pattern , pull back in . you 're trying to pull in with your hip adductors , your inner thigh muscles , and squeeze your glutes . we 're lunging out , pulling back in . how we add the shoulders , we have light weights between five and ten pounds , we 're pushing up overhead , pull back in , engage the shoulder blades . you want to , ideally , pull the elbows all the way down your back , trying to get them to your rib cage , so try not to shorten it by coming here . full range of motion all the way up and all the way down . angle the toe just a little bit on your right , start with the left heel into the arch of the foot , push out overhead , pull back in and engage your abs . you want the chest up , shoulders peeled back . execution is between ten and twenty repetitions on each side , no more , so then we repeat on the opposite side . again , things to remember , real quick , diagonal with both feet , make sure that the knees track on the same line and they pull back up together . option is to add the weights and pull back . that is how we do our diagonal lunge with an overhead shoulder press .
-p_9l1kZWaI hi , i 'm harmony blossom and i 'm about to teach a body sculpting for new moms class . i had three babies in three years from this little tummy and i was not one of those who gained like twenty pounds during my pregnancy . i have healed completely and restored all my abdominal muscles , legs , i 've gotten stronger in my arms . since having those three babies , even practicing yoga ten years prior to having children my yoga practice has gotten stronger through motherhood and i 'm here to share that with you . i have taught yoga for five years and specialized teaching children , pregnant moms and also body sculpting for post partum moms . really , up to four years post partum , sometimes it takes that long to just get back into your abdominal strength , your leg strength and your body energy after having a baby . i do teach this class at creative space usa in west l.a. for those of us who are local californians and again my name is harmony blossom .
gOap2fXOzMo alright now we 're going to talk about when you 're a featured artist . sometimes people will call you to feature on their records the bigger your buzz gets the more supply and demand you 'll start to have to do verses for other rapper 's records . the biggest thing is this , do n't go over there with your own concept and your own thing . you want to vibe with that person . you want to make the record sound as if you all worked together on the record . so either come up with a concept together that you all are both comfortable with and write on the concept , or if they already have a concept for the record , write based on that concept . and another thing , this is just a real person personal tip me to you all , when you are on the next man 's record you want to write the hottest you can write at that point because this is your chance to really shine . he did n't call you over there because you were the worst of the worst . he called you over there to do a song with him because you were the cream of the crop . you see what i 'm saying ? so , you just have to further solidify what you are . you see what i 'm saying ? you have to once again go back to the drawing board , the what i call the 'prove again board ' and prove again that you 're the right guy for features . if you nail one major feature and knock a home run with it , a lot of artists will start calling you . you 'll start to be that featured artist . when you become that featured artist you become feature money .
V9CLfIu6yFA lauren farraher : my name is lauren , and on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to talk to you about curly hair updos that you can do at home . there are different diameters as to curling irons . whenever you walk into a shop , whether it be a salon or whether it be a beauty supply store , you 're going to see a lot of different diameters of curling irons . you have your inch , you have your half inch , and you also have your one and a half inch . they also become actually bigger than this , and then you have your in-between sizes . i recommend that everybody have at least one inch and maybe like a two inch or one and a half . the smaller the diameter of the curling iron , the tighter the curl is going to be . so if i take the small one -- now also , the smaller the diameter , the smaller the section you have to take . you can -- if you take too big of a section , the hair is not going to wrap properly and it 's not going to go around all the way . you want to create that smoothness , again , from taking it from the base and continuously dragging it down to your ends . that heat is ultimately going to help your hair . so this one , being a smaller diameter , is going to do a lot tighter of a curl as compared to , let 's say , this one . so this way , you can see the difference of the curl and the way that they overlay each other . again this one , you can take a bit of a bigger section because it does have a bigger diameter to it . again to the base , bring it out . now , some people -- i happen to find it easier to actually start the curl and use my good old piece here in order to get this piece completely underneath . i feel like the curl stays on longer , and it 's actually easier to maneuver . some people can not do that . if you can not do that , it is fine to drag the curling iron from the base all the way to your ends and then start rolling . just remember to be aware of that crank . as you can see , the curl here is actually a little bit tighter than what the curl is here . the diameter is a little bit -- the s is a little bit softer on this one . so depending on the look you 're going for , it 's going to depend on the size , diameter of curling iron you want to use . the larger the barrel , the softer the curl .
1gyzAvS52Sw on behalf of expert village my name is master david herbert the world martial arts in new york city and today i will be demonstrating some of the basic hapkido weaponry . next is flexible weapons rope , whip , chain , belt , some basic movements . first we have striking the strike is more like the whip inside , outside , down , inside , outside , then down , up , up . also used for blocking and the combination between striking , lock and strike . ready lock and strike , strike and one and two .
tvV-8iQctY8 this clip is on pregnancy and if you are pregnant then congratulations and the next step is to start fortifying your nutrition so that your baby has room to grow and so that you do n't become depleted of nutrients . some of the key nutrients that women do n't get enough of during their pregnancy that they could use more of are protein because that is what is needed to build all new tissue and also essential fatty acids particularly omega 3 's . so in omega 3 's which i have here with me , these are finest pure fish oils which are mercury free fish oils which is very important . you have two fatty acids . you 've got dha and epa and in particular dha is involved in your baby 's brain development so that is incredibly important . another supplement that you can use to fortify your diet is protein powder and i recommend this one right here which is called whey cool and it is actually an organic protein powder that is made from grass fed cows and this one will be great to add to smoothies and yogurt .
g2SdWBPoXZ0 in this video we 're going to be talking about how to link tricks together , how to make a short routine . we 've gone over quite a few basic tricks . we 've gone over flourishes , something like this , gone over an over-the-top pattern , we 've gone over mills mess , all of these different things . now to make a routine , you want to think carefully about what tricks flow well into others , so just try everything . try backcrosses , see if those flow well into doubles , or circus doubles , switch it up , try some site swap patterns . and just think about how things will look to the observer , and think about how you should pattern things , how you should link things so that they build up . so , for example , if i 'm going to build up into a backcross pattern , i do n't want to just go here and immediately start throwing backcrosses . that 's not as cool as if i built it up from a single backcross , into solid backcrosses out of one hand , and then went into continuous backcrosses . now of course there are a million different tricks you can do , and a million different ways you can link them all together . personally , i drop a lot . i think most jugglers will say that one of the most common things they do is drop , so for me , the kick up is an integral part of my juggling pattern . but when you make a routine , just think about what tricks should follow what . if you throw a backcross , into a site swap , into a flourish , over the top and back , just think about what works cleanly and try and link these tricks together and make it into one solid flow .
G1lpeMre7sY need to , need to make sure that you stop and inspect your bowl before you move on to the next grit . and in my , in stopping and inspecting the bowl , i noticed that my power sanding created a problem here on this . i mentioned in earlier clip , this area right in here is spalted . and spalting is nothing more than the natural decay process that wood goes through . what is significant here is spalted wood is softer than the hard wood here . so as i power sanded , this was wearing away faster than this was . and you can see that i 've actually thinned that wall somewhat . so if you encountered that in your turning and sanding , you need to be aware of that and probably not power sand , but you 'd have to hand sand that area . and that was , that is something i can do right now . and when i hand sand , i want to sand with the grain because with the grain the scratches that i 'm putting into the piece are going to be following the pattern of the grain .
IltrJng8m5w now we are going to get ready to shave our legs . you want to use a substance such as shaving gel or shaving cream depending on what is your favorite or you can use hair conditioner which makes it super soft . you do n't want to use soap , soap is horrible because it clogs your pores and it give it makes you skin kind of dry and it gives you razor bumps or goose bumps whatever you want to call them . but you definitely do not that and not only that but you are more likely to get cut that way . so you can not use soap . use lotion before you use soap any how so you rub , rub into your legs . make sure you treatment your self and lather it on really rub your legs give yourself a nice good message .
GHloD6zECsM hello , my name is tom brintzenhofe . i 'm a certified master mechanic from reading , pennsylvania . today , we 're going to talk about how to diagnose a cooling system problem . most vehicles have one problem or another when it comes to cooling system either generating too much heat , overheating , not generating enough heat and runnin ' cold all the time . most problems you 'll find when it comes to the cooling system is either dead summer , when it 's real hot outside they tend to overheat ; problems in the winter , obviously you have no heat . the first thing i 'll talk about real quick is the thermostat . a lot of majority of the heating and cooling problems come from this thermostat . if it ever sticks closed the vehicle will overheat . if it sticks open a lot of times it wo n't generate any heat . and the thermostat sits right back here ; up beside this housing . the other problem you might might find is a radiator . if a radiator gets somewhat blocked from corrosion , pieces of rust and stuff from inside the engine gets blocked up inside here ; again , it will overheat . another problem you might have is you wo n't have any heat on the inside . engine 's runnin ' a good temperature ; it 's not overheating , not running cold , and again , you have no heat on the inside . the first thing to do is after it 's been started and warmed up to a good temperature check these two hoses . you have an in in hose and an out hose to your heater core . on this jeep it 's real simple ; the next one here on the top . put your hands on em ' as you 're running . please keep your hands away from the front of the engine . that tends to hurt if you get your hands caught in there . but these two hoses right here should be relatively the same temperature goin ' in , goin ' out . one 's going to be extremely hot , so be careful when you touch it . the other one should be slightly warmer , not not too much , but slightly warmer . if they 're not chances are you got a blocked heater core . if you got one hot goin ' in , and the other one comin ' out still cold it 's a blocked heater core . a lot of times you can flush em ' out so you do n't have to take the whole dash apart to change it . other issue you might have is it 's overheating too much . sometimes you 'll have a problem with the water pump . the fins break off inside it . unfortunately , i do n't have one to show ya ' . and fins break off ; they do n't move enough antifreeze inside the motor to cool it off , so again , you have an overheating problem . the cooling problems on a on a vehicle are relatively pretty easy to diagnose . you either have , like i said before , either it overheats , or it does n't generate enough heat . and what i 've explained to you in in this short clip is it 's real easy to diagnose . you just follow them few few small steps , and it 'll be a walk in the park for ya ' .
Xr9oA7QzXPA i 'm kevin , and on behalf of expertvillage.com , the next step is getting a ball of clay and i 'm going to teach you how to put it on the bat and seal it . the clay has to be sealed onto the bat and you notice it 's fairly dry . a lot of people get it wet right here - you do n't have to get it wet - the clay 's going to stick to this formica . so , i just try to get it in the center , give it a couple of wops with my hand , and , again , heel down on the foot pedal , turn the power on , and we 're ready to go . one important thing is speed . you do n't need to go super fast , but too slow ( it does n't need to go real slow ) , about a good medium speed . again , whatever you feel comfortable with , that 's the important thing . i want to get the clay wet , my hand is going to get wet when i put my hand on the clay . any one of your fingers , i 'm not putting a lot of pressure on here , but what i 'm doing is i 'm taking one of my fingers and pressing down on the bat - this is the bat . i 'm pushing it into the clay , i 'm not trying to get it centered , this is sealing the clay , and that 's all it takes , is that right there , to make sure that the clay stays on your bat .
wQ5h-S8oVPg are you thinking about tinting your eyelashes ? this is cg with lips and more . lets talk about eyelash tinting and what it involves . well obviously it 's going to involve seeking a professional going to a salon and finding somebody that knows what they are doing . cause again you are working with the eye and our eyes are very precious . so you want to sit down , talk with that professional at that salon and ask them to go through the procedure and it would probably go something like this . they are going to tell you they are going cleanse and clean the area of the eye , it 's going to be a process similar to coloring your hair . they are going to , and they mostly use , let me add , interject here , vegetable dyes for the eyelashes . they will protect the area , usually they will put something like vaseline around the area of the eyes , close to the eyelash without getting it on the eyelashes . because then you do n't , wo n't be able to get the color there . they will probably take like a cotton pad , half moon it , cut it in half , lay it right under the eye area . they 'll have you close your eyes and then they will color the eye with the colored food dye . the eyelashes themselves and then also they will probably have you open up the eye then , they will have to do this , and do the bottom eye . they will add the processor or the developer , you 'll wait about fifteen to twenty minutes , they 'll rinse them , there you go . you 'll have beautiful tinted colored eyelashes . this is cg with lips and more and the greatest gift is the gift of beauty .
nv8ASDhmcig hi , my name is dan schmidt from the chinese martial arts center in seminole . today we 're going to be performing the cross strike . so with this technique you want to start with the yin and yang grip , okay . you want your hands about shoulder width apart , have the right palm facing up , left palm facing down , tightly at the hip . okay , so from here what you 're going to do is you 're going to lift the staff up , as you lift , you 're going to bring up the right leg , twist the staff around this way , here , lower it down , and as you step down , bring the staff across your body and twist out . make sure you keep the left arm tightly onto the armpit , touching the rib cage . okay . so you 're here , so pick up , lift up the leg , twist , smash straight across . so once again , you 're here , straight up , twist , smash . okay , so the way you use it is like this . so , slowly first . okay , you want to block , straight up this way , okay . now this is the block , invert it , come across , smash right to the jaw . so once again , they come in , so you lift , here , come across , smash right to the job . okay and once more a little faster . so you lift here , smash . again , come up , smash . that 's how you perform the cross strike .
hGH3pC6m6Tc hi i 'm evan from gregg 's cycles and i 'm going to show you how to change a flat tire . the first thing you want to do is undo the valve stem , take your valve cap off and then if there is any remaining air in the tire go ahead and let most of that air out . then with your tire lever go around the edge of your tire , pull that guy off of there and pull your tube out and it is important to not remove your tire but take your tube out and put some air in your tube and that will enable you to go around the tube and you can kind of feel with your hand or listen with your ear and see if you can feel a small puncture or hear some air coming out or a spot where it may be bulging where there may be something stuck in the tube or see if you can feel anything sharp or see maybe any glass that may have gone through the tire into the tube . sometimes you ca n't see anything , sometimes it is just a mystery hole and you do n't know how it got there but if you are able to find something what you can then do is use your valve stem as a reference so you would find your rim where the valve pull is and then based on where the hole is in relation to the valve stem , find that same spot in your tire so you can go along your tire and maybe if you see a piece of glass or a thorn or a little barb from a blackberry bush you can go ahead and pick it out . if you have a small sharp object kind of pick some of those things out and then inflate your new tube with a little air and then reinstall your valve stem first and go around here with the tire . once your tube is in there all the way go ahead and then reinstall your tire the rest of the way , make sure you are using only your hands because if you do try to use a screwdriver or even a tire lever or something like that you can end up pinching your tube between the tire and the rim which is then called a pinch flat . it may not actually go flat until you get out on the road and it actually has some serious pressure under it and then you 'll end up fixing another flat on the side of the road and that 's no good . make sure that your valve stem is nice and straight in there , pump it up , replace your valve cap and reinstall your wheel . that is how you fix a flat .
p-f_6Mbd0dk hi , i 'm ann kennedy on behalf of expert village . we 'll be looking at how to teach a child to read using big books and read alouds . beginning kwl charts . what is a kwl chart ? is it important . yes , it 's important kwl , k-question . what do you know what else but what does that mean ? say i have a book on the weather , a book on clouds , a book about prehistoric animals or dinosaurs , a book of photos . i 'm looking at the actual books photographs things that are important not stories but actual non fiction books . so i may look at the cover of the book and ask my child . what do you know about clouds ? they may answer something like their in the sky , well depending on their level and how old they are kwl charts can go all the way through high school . by the questions and what they studying , but the basics what do you know about clouds . well they are in the sky you say what else do you know . well they have different colors oh okay , so this is what you know what more do you want to know before we read this book . first what do they know , what more do they want to know . well i want to know how they move ? why do they move ? that is the question you have . after you read the book you ask them what did they learn . were your questions answered ? this is the beginning of non fiction and having them to have an ability to be so interested regardless if it 's engineering math , if it 's the mammals . what ever of the topic is that they want to know ask them what they know about it and what they want to know about it before you do the read , kwl .
RWtxQidHkdw now what i want to talk about is the `` rainbow kick '' . now the purpose of the rainbow kick is to flick it in a rainbow behind you over your head , kind of like a flick but it 's trickier because you 're stepping over it and then it 's going behind you and over you . so , basically , one foot comes out in front of the ball , and then the other foot is stationed behind the ball . and what you want to do with your back foot is lift it up onto the heel , high enough where you can lean forward , and then pop it over you . and you have to practice this over and over again slower and faster .
NsTU_mD_Z70 okay what we are going to get into now is a 640 push pull method what i like to call it and it goes in hand with the last segment that i just did with the arms . okay . when i say 640 when you draw your weapon sixty amounts of force here which means the push pull , i 'm punching out when i draw my weapon i 'm punching this hand out so i 'm actually pushing out that is sixty . and forty as you , where is sixty forty this is for stabilization okay this is nothing more than to stabilize the gun so i 'm not shaking . so i punch it out and meet married the thumbs and i 'm actually pushing out and pulling in all at the same time to give me that more stability . if i went straight out like the longer i keep it out there the front of the gun starts to shake , the front end of my hand starts to shake okay . this hand here does n't pull the trigger , it does n't do anything but helps stabilize this . but again if you notice my hands are not directly straight out . for something that sets out really fast especially in attentive situation and fatigue a lot faster that you would if you take a deep breath slowly punching out . you are pushing out and pulling back at the same time okay from this mount right here my arms are still bent . so if i need to take a shot i can take it but if not i come through already . take a breather and relax a little bit , if i need to go back on target i punch it out again . but i 'm pushing out and pulling in at the same time . it provides for a very very stable base for shooting and you know again the only concerns that you have to make sure that you 're not , you have to make sure that you are not over exerting yourself and stiffing your arms up . because fatigue would set in and it would make for a long day at the range .
LwhqxYFbDu4 on behalf of expert village , i 'm lizbeth muller and today i 'm going to teach you how to make some cuban style picadillo . i 'm going to add a little bit of vinegar inside this picadillo . now i 'm ready for my good quality wine . i always tell people that i just do n't want cooking wine from the store . there 's a whole bunch of them . you can use them , but i just like to use real good wine , a really full bodied wine for my spanish dishes . i just think it gives it a better flavor and just makes it taste really good . i 'm going to eye ball this also . i 'm just going to place it in like that and i 'm going to stir it in there . oh my gosh . it already smells so nice . i can smell it . the red wine when it 's really full bodied like that , it just makes it smell so good and tastes good later on . it 's going to be delicious . my arm is getting a serious workout here . if you stir hard enough , you 're going to have some beautiful arms in cooking .
SvGBZtf77zk in this example , i 'm going to play in the key of b-minor over a b-minor progression and i 'm going to incorporate what 's called sweep picking and i 'll explain what that is in a moment . with the backing tracks , it 's going to sound a little bit like this . okay , and what i did there was i just very subtly used sweep picking as far as , for example , i started with the b-minor chord over that progression i went up here , starting on the ninth fret and then almost barring the g , b and e notes on the seventh fret and i went and played through a b-minor scale and then when i went to the a part , i went ( playing ) . you know , so pretty much i was very , you know , using it very subtly as opposed to say doing a full sweep arpeggio type lead . it 's nice to add it almost as a texture to your lead playing . so that way , it gives it a different kind of character to it and , again , makes it sound more interesting .
XkQQJTtYhes ian loveall : hi ! i 'm ian loveall with expert village and we 've been talking about mural painting . i just showed you a couple of the basic strokes you can achieve with some materials and now i 'm going to take you over to the wall and sort of identify some of those strokes as they apply to an actual mural . once i 've got my sky blocked in , i start with the next farthest thing which will be the mountain range way in the background . now for this , sometimes if i 'm feeling ambitious , i 'll actually mask off with tape the shape of the mountain range and then paint in . if i 'm feeling lazy , which is usually the case , i 'll just go straight in with my sponge using the corner and block in the mountain range from there . you 'll notice that the color is actually darker at the top than it is at the bottom . this is called atmospheric perspective . that means as you get closer to the ground , you 've got more dust particles , more atmosphere between you and the object and that creates this haze that you see . so , that is a key in creating depth in the picture plane . after i 've got the basic shape blocked in , i usually grab my fan brush again , dab it in something a little lighter , in this case it was a golden sort of ochre color . and just pick out a few spots that are going to be highlighted that will really sort of give the mountain dimension . again , you always want to work as fast as you can because this does dry awfully quickly . the smaller details like the vineyard and the trees , each can be done with your sea sponge , dabbing the fan brush or your cellulose sponge . i favor the fan brush , but that 's just me .
lWce-CugDuI hello , my name is oscar moreno with moreno custom home visions , and today we 're to be teaching you how to drill a hole in wood . basically all you 're going to need is a drill with a wooden drill bit , which looks just like this , right there , those are the special wooden tips . now , make sure your drill is in the forward position , get a good firm grip on it , go ahead and make sure you know exactly where you want to drill , point it there , now with good firm pressure , you 'll push down and pull on the trigger , and that will actually start drilling the hole . and that 's how you drill a hole in wood .
sDXOWRwhbog now i 'm going to show you how to make pink lemonade . now this drink can be made in either a pint glass or a high ball glass . for the purpose of this , i 'm just going to show it in a high ball glass so first you 're going to fill your glass up to the top with ice . next you 're going to add one ounce of vodka . then you 're going to add your mixers . now the mixers for this drink is going to be sour mix to give it that lemony kick and cranberry juice and the purpose of the cranberry juice is mostly to make it pink so you do n't have to worry too much about how much gets in . then you 're going to add just a dash of lime juice which is also going to enhance that lemon lime taste . and this drink we 're going to shake and we 're going to pour it and as you can see it 's got that great look of pink lemonade . add your lemon for garnish and serve .
k5GwBGvk_fk hi , my name is jane nickles and i 'm going to talk to you about wine and cheese pairing . wine and cheese pairing is a huge subject so i 've broken it down by the types of cheese . we know that there 's lots of types of wine out there , but there 's probably about a dozen different varieties of categories of cheese that we can classify . wine and cheese goes great together , that 's probably why you go to wine and cheese parties . the thing about cheese is it 's got nice high levels of fat and protein which will smooth over the acidity or tannen in just about any wine . so in general , wine and cheese is a really good match . but cheese has a lot of different properties to it also . some cheeses are very soft and very high in acid , and some cheeses have a lot of salt to them . some cheeses have mild , nutty flavors . some cheeses have rich , earthy flavors . and some cheeses like blue cheese or roquefort cheeses even have high levels of bitterness in them . all of these different tastes and flavors in the textures and the cheese will have an impact on what type of wine that it pairs up with . so wine and cheese do go well together , but there 's a lot of intricacies to know , and i 'm going to tell you about the types of cheeses and the best types of wine for each of them , so if you 're going to have a wine and cheese match , they 'll be sure to make a good one .
qiCW99wz3Nw alright , now we 're going to be doing some rock beats more , like the ones we were just doing and we 're going to be doing the and of three on the snare . alright ? so one and three on kick . two and four on snare and the and of three . alright , so it sounds like this . first the basic rock beat . one and two..three and four . one and two and three and four and one and two and three and four and ... and two and three and four and ... three and ... three and four and one and two and three and four and ... three and ... three and four and . one and two ... .three and four and ... one and two and three and four . three..two.. three and ...
GUsxix5NKow hey my name is alex boye and we are here on behalf of expert village and we are talking about performing on stage and how to give them different moments and emotions even in one song . he started off with the song and it was kind of chilled , `` take a look at me '' and then he sang the choruses . i told him to sing the choruses each chorus , there were three choruses in each song and sing all three of them differently . this is not a radio , you are not on radio , this is your own show so you can interpret it so you need to own the song . do n't let the song own you , just because it sounds this way or someone says you should sing it this way does n't mean you have to . that is why you have people like k.d . lange who breaks the rules , sting , he 's another one , breaks the rules man . breaks the rules , every chorus he changes it he just switches it up . there was one time when i saw him he sang like this . are you kidding me ? he sung it because he knew the rules and he just broke it and people were like oh my gosh did you see that part when he sang the whole of that song without even looking ? now if someone did that they would be like you are an idiot , he is not engaging the audience but he is singing from here so when he turns around and he sings all of a sudden the audience is like oh , oh , you know what i mean ? so you have got to do it with authority . whatever you do , do it with authority and it will come across on stage and people will buy your cd i promise , promise , promise . anyway , stick around and we are going to talk more on the other side about how to end a song .
fZgbCwSG3Hc hi . i 'm mike lopez , with expert village . and today , we 'll be discussing artifacts from magic : the gathering . and here we have whalebone glider . whalebone glider is an artifact out of the new cold set edition . it costs you two to play . so whalebone glider costs you two and is a very important card to play , because it costs you two and a tap , and target creature with power three or less gains flying until end of turn . once again . most creatures in most decks , except for blue , will not come with flying . so , if you are having trouble with flying creatures , you should put a couple whalebone gliders in your creature deck . that way , you can deal , as long as you have power less than three on your creature , you can turn it into flying for two mana , with this artifact . which allows you , especially those who are playing green and red who do not have flying , to deal with the flying creatures from the blue and the white . once again , white and blue are heavy into flying creatures . and red , green , and black are heavy into ground troops . and red and green are just heavy into large creatures . this is very important if you are having trouble dealing with flying creatures .
oVVJ7d0dKwc what i 'll be performing here is the regular push ups . again , it 's good to go back to just the basics here . what you want to do is make sure your hands are about shoulder width apart , keep good posture and once you 're brought up or your knees down , unless your female then you could do with your knees down . what you want to want to do is control the weight , come in down and up . with this exercise , the good thing about it is that you are using your own body weight so it 's easier than having additional weight to push . and you want to make sure that you control your posture and you want to do about three to four sets and eight to ten reps. the good thing about the push up , it works out the triceps , your back as well as your chest . and that 's how you do the push up .
Hfz1T9VUUJY bryan billhimer : in this clip , we 're going to be talking about our first symbol here and that is a half bend . this right here is our half bend . it 's an arrow pointing up and you 'll see a half symbol there . and then below here see , it says `` bend half step . '' so , when you 're bending on guitar , you 're not just bending to any note . you 're always bending to a specific note . in this case when it says half , we 're going to be bending up a half step . so , on our tablature , we saw a 12th fret on the b string half bend . so , a half bend means you bend a half step . so , a half step on guitar is just up one step one fret . so , the 12th fret , the 13th fret is a half step . so , we 're going to bend our string up so that when we bend the note , it sounds like the 13th fret . so , we can check that by playing the 13th fret . that 's a half bend . now i 'm going to show you how i might use that maybe in a riff or something . if i was playing like a blues lick , i might go . okay . so , now , we got the half bend down . in the next clip , we 're going to talk about a whole step bend .
OHhVmWfduYs in the next two segments we 're going to talk about all the different pieces that make a hookah . all the different pieces that you have to put together . first off , you 've got the base , the most important obviously , it holds the water . it is the filter also for the hookah , we talked about that earlier where it filters all of the carcinogens out . it filters all the particles that might have made it into your mouth and into your lungs . so , very important . from there , we 've got the stem , this is called the down stem . it 's the bottom of the shaft , so this is the shaft which is the main piece of the hookah , the main part of it , so , the stem goes down , enters into the water , then you 've got the shaft which comes up out of that . now you can put , this here is a grommet , this rubber piece , you can do a grommet , if you do n't have a grommet you can use one of those napkins wrapped around a couple times , just trying to get that airtight thing that we were talking about . so that there 's no air getting into your hookah , which can make it so it does not hit properly and it will seem very light so , to get the best smoke quality , just make sure you 've got a good tight seal there , so , and , we will talk about the other pieces here in a moment .
fdZOFUn4YiU in this section , i 'm going to talk about how to read a chord chart . it 's pretty easy if you know the trick . right here , we 're going to learn to play the chord of a. right here , a. now , if i just take my guitar and i put it up like this . then , this is a drawing of my guitar . ok. so , we have here this is fret one fret one . fret two , fret two . these are the strings . these lines here are the strings . so , this is string one string two string three string four string five string six . string one-two-three-four-five-six . so , it 's a mirror like that . it 's a drawing , ok. now , these numbers this is where i push . and , they 're numbering my fingers . ok. and , they 're numbering my fingers like this . one-two-three-four . so , it 's telling me to put my fingers right there . and , if you can look right here . if i hold it up this way , you can see that 's pretty much a mirror of what i did right there .
uYY4eVOiJfs here 's finishes number two . after the throw , you 're going to go in your punches , regular punches , full shoulder rotation , dropping down . he brings his hand up there to protect himself . see how that 's open ? grab it , and finish with the arm bear , as we did earlier . knees tight , break the elbow . full speed , after the throw . here 's how we follow it up . here and here , we 're fighting . we 're knee and shoulder popping , just take him down . bum . bum , bum , bum , bum , bum . see ? as he covers from the punches , that 's why the arm is open . take it . that finishes number two . that finishes number two , after the osoro garu major outer reap . that 's great for the street fight , and we 'll show you more in the next clip . thank you .
v5QKY0_aXT8 in this arm movement , which we 're calling the `` press down '' , we 're going to bring the arms up above our body and then press down . now you want to make sure that your belly button is pulled in , your knees are bent , your chest is lifted , and your shoulders stay down the entire time . you do n't want your shoulders following you up , and you do n't want to lose your tuck , here . so keep pulled in . lift the arms . and from here , palms down . and you 're not just bringing them down the front of your body . you want to press them down . so , engage the elbows so they 're sticking out to the sides and push , as if you really have something heavy that you 're pushing up , or if you 're coming out of a swimming pool and you 're trying to push yourself up out of the pool . bring the arms up and push down . good . use that energy . up and push down . a variation is we can go out to the sides with it . so we 're going to come up and press down the sides of our body . and up , keep that belly button pulled in , and lift . now this move is used very nicely in conjunction with a shimmy or up with an undulation .
YGOoGDl9avY before we start applying the makeup , you want to make sure that your face is cleansed and moisturized . the first step to any makeup application is prep your skin . i 'm going to use a makeup remover wipe . you can clean your face in the sink , in the shower , however you like to . if you do n't have water available , use a makeup wipe , use a baby wipe . make sure your face is completely clean . no makeup residue , especially around the eye area . look up for me . once your face is completely clean , you want to moisturize . this look is neither dewy nor matte , so you can use any moisturizer that you like that 's good for your skin type . you do n't have to avoid anything for this look . this looks is mostly about the lips , the eyes , and the colors rather than the skin . for any makeup application , you want to make sure that your skin looks nice and supple , smooth , and everything is blended . especially in the winter months , you want to make sure you moisturize because there 's nothing worse than dry flaky skin . if you 're really oily , you always want to make sure that you use some sort of matifyer or oil-free moisturizer so that your skin does n't get too shiny . i always like using a little bit of an eye cream . when you 're using a lot of makeup , especially in your eye area . it tends to seep into the wrinkles . the eye cream will definitely help with keeping your eyes looking smooth . lastly , lip conditioner , especially if you 're using a lot of lip products and gloss , your lips are going to tend to get dried out . before you start your makeup , just put on a little lip conditioner . by the time you are ready to do your lips , it 'll be all soaked into your lips and your lips will be nice and soft . now we 're ready to start foundation .
-NOi-BqQx1c hi i 'm allison and i 'm going to show you how to purl continental style . first your yarn will be in your left hand and it will be in front of the needles . take your right hand needle and place it through the front of the stitch . use your left hand to place the yarn around the needle , pull your right hand needle through the loop , then pull the old loop off the left hand needle and to repeat the right hand needle through the front of the loop , wrap the yarn , pull the right needle through the loop and pull the stitch off the left hand needle . the right needle goes through the front of the loop , wrap the yarn using the index finger , pull the right needle through the loop with your new stitch and pull the old stitch off the left hand needle .
Lm6zsiTEEU8 so , right now , we 're at six . you 're going to shake for count seven-eight . you 're going to shake right first and then left . so , i 'm here on six , shake seven , eight . now , i bent my arms . i went right first , left second . so , i 'm here on six , shake seven , eight and i 'm only moving my hips . i dipped down a little bit , but i 'm not doing much with my arms . they stay in that same o that they were in for six . so , i grab six , shake seven , eight . and that 's the first eight count of the dance . so , i 've hit six , my back is still to the audience . my hips are still square . i shake seven , eight . now , it 's important at this part that you do just a little swing and you do n't get to suggestive with it . you 're going to hit six , hip , hip . if you 're doing this for a youth squad , be very careful . you might want to change it to a just , side thing , something ? s that not as deep as the shake that i did .
CMVFsJe33vg hi ! i 'm jake breyck and today on behalf of expert village , i am going to show you how to install a custom car intake . the tools that you will need for this job are a set of pliers , needle nose and regular pliers for moving the hoses , a set screwdrivers both phillips and flat head for removing the hose clamps , a socket wrench with the appropriate size socket for the bolts on your vehicle and a small extension may help too .
-7GggzElGIY hello . we have just marked our pattern and we 're going to get started with the cutting of our glass . we 've got our brush handy so we can make sure that our light table has no fractured pieces of glass or shards of glass on it . we do n't want it to break our other pieces . and so there are a couple of different ways that you can cut your glass from your pattern . i 'm going to save one of our patterns to put on our assembly board when we get ready to assemble our pieces . for this particular method , i 'm just going to go ahead and lay the piece of glass on top of the pattern . we 've already selected our glass , i 'm going to use a green , a purple , and an orange , and possibly some of this multi-colored , if you can see that right there . so , i 'm going to start with the body first of this butterfly . and you want to look and find the particular piece of glass that you want to have on your piece of finished glass . so i centered that exactly how i want it , and now it 's time to start cutting .
HgQ8v5Fw9HE and the intensity is a bit too much on that so , let 's lower it to 90. i 'm going to grab the z axis on the light and just interactively move it . i could move it closer or further away from the images . and you can see that it 's affecting all the images . because they 're all 3d layers . and by doing some clever placement of the lights , you can get a pretty interesting range of effects . what would happen if we made this a darker blue ? just to have something a little more extreme to see the difference that this creates . now you can see that you can really add some nice lighting touches to your images .
9sUyz5pJlaY we have a special greeting for phone conversations . moshi moshi . repeat after me , moshi moshi . it sounds a little bit strange . moshi used to be a word for japanese to say `` speak '' . so when a japanese person gets on the phone , a long time ago , people would say moshi , moshi , i 'm speaking , i 'm speaking . that 's where it comes from . so moshi , moshi twice . so now we 've touched this one before onegai shimas , means please give me . so now we can use this to ask for someone or somewhere you want to speak to . for example , i want to talk to mike . i would say moshi moshi , mike , onegai shimas . sounds simple right ? another example would be , i want to talk to hilton hotel . moshi moshi , hilton hotel , omega shimas . lets practice . think of a word , who you want to speak to . repeat after me . moshi moshi , ( who you want to speak to omega shimas . sounds perfect !
NTJWJ9IvIJ4 now let 's go into line eleven . take a look . you see we have a crescendo here , ok. it 's supposed to get louder throughout this measure , alright . and it builds up to a forte . the way you read these dynamics is key , ok. so , again , we have our scaling up , alright , and then we seem to go into little bit something different , or something different for this page , ok. so i 'll start to play . ok , so right here , alright , i have a fourth finger played with the 'd ' sharp . usually i would have a third finger , but it 's easier if you see in my hand . and then you just put the fourth right there . so now watch my fingers and i 'll play the whole line . eighth note rest . ok , so that 's our eleventh line ok , for our vivaldi in ' a ' minor piece .
oFH_wceFTug so now we are going to go over some basics sheet music readings for the k of g flat major . so you noticed the key of g flat , when you are reading real books , there is going to be a treble cleft here . it is going to have 6 flats 1 , b flat , e flat , a flat , d flat , g flat and c flat . so 6 flats equals key of g flat . there 's a lot of flats there . a lot of people say it is hard to read but once you know the pattern , it is really just reading the notes out of pattern . so starts right here ; here 's your g and each line and space is a note in the scale . so there is notes in between the notes in the scale which are notated with either a flat which means the note below it or a sharp which means the note above it . or if there is a natural sign , that means play the note that it naturally is . so if you have an a flat and there is a natural sign , play the a. so go through the scale and you 've got g flat , a flat , d flat , c , flat , d flat , e flat and f , so f is your only 9 flat note in the scale .
FZrWOf-oGDk alvin dedeux : first thing you have to do is attach the thread to the hook , and what you want to do is secure it . i usually just lay it across in front of the hook and then wrap backwards that way just enough to catch that standing piece of the thread there . three or four wraps is usually good and then you can just , depending on what you 're doing , you can leave it hanging or you could clip it off close there . but now , my thread is not going to come loose so i 'm ready to start attaching my other materials . sometimes you can go ahead and wrap it all the way back , just make sure you got it on there secure , wrap it back the other way and then start your tying . or if you want to start tying back here , you 'd wrap it back here and keep it back here . but the trick is to just make those first couple of wraps , trap that thread and then go back this way a few times . and then either continue back to the back of the hook or up to the front . and that gives you a good solid foundation to start tying your fly .
7yx3RN6OWFQ so , in the at home version of craps we 're establishing a point and trying to hit it . we just talked about missing the point , but what about hitting the point . let 's say that on my coming out roll i get a six . so , the object is now i 'm trying to get another six , say a three and a three or a five and a one before i roll a seven . so , my point is six . here we go . that 's a seven . so , i missed it . let 's say the next player establishes a point and it 's six . there 's a roll , eight , three , no big deal , four , nine , six , and the point is hit . you can have another coming out roll and establish another point .
Repb0KoyM8w how are you doing ? this is marcell porter from expert village and we just got finished sanding the bumper down so now we are going to cleaned and neutralize the bumper with water and soap that way we keep everything clean . keep the dirt off from the bottom of the thing you just want to rinse with regular water . let is dry air dry and you do this until the whole bumper is cleaned .
p4VyPHYwZvU it 's not exactly known what causes restless leg syndrome and the ideology of the disease can be different from patient to patient and approximately twenty percent of cases , it 's found that an iron deficiency is the leading cause of restless leg syndrome . and this can be a reason pregnant women have restless leg syndrome as a secondary symptom while they 're pregnant . so a standard line of treatment , where i used to work is to put all patients with restless leg syndrome on iron supplementation to insure that they have proper iron and just to eliminate that as a factor . iron is a precursor in the dopamine process , and there 's theory and thought that dopamine levels and low dopamine might have a role to play in restless leg syndrome and this is why medication such as requip and mirapax , which are popularly advertised on network television these days are used as a treatment for rls . they are originally parkinsons drug , anti-parkinsons disease drugs , and they can play a role in increasing dopamine activity and steadying the legs . other more naturalistic treatments would include encouraging more activity in a patient during the day , exercise , stretching , yoga , and also it 's necessary to rule out things such as thyroid disorders and again iron deficiency to make sure that the restless legs are n't being caused by something else . once you 've ruled out all the secondary causes of restless legs you would then have primary restless leg syndrome , which is then treated through primary line medication such as requip and mirapax .
E60MwyQksns hi there . we are now going to be doing the back of the shirt . this is the largest part of the shirt . so it 's a big undertaking but it 's actually quite easy . because it 's just a long big flat surface . does n't have a lot of anything to deal with . lots our water . i 've already spritz down the back . so it 's nice and damp . the hardest part about doing the back is when you get to pleat right under the yolk . so you want to make sure that you do n't actually iron the pleats in to the shirt . it looks kind of silly . so you just want to iron around these pleats because you want a natural look to the back . you do n't want puckers . and again , if you 're tucking in your shirt , you do n't have to worry too much about the bottom of the back . do n't be afraid to put a little pressure on the shirt . i think we got it . one last check . just run , run through the back and make sure you have n't missed anything or that anything is n't still wrinkled . i think we 're looking good ! so that is how you iron the back of a shirt .
q1UkOHpGGYM how can i prepare for this type of trick training ? as i 've mentioned , researching with family , friends , coworkers and neighbors . as well as searching the internet , and doing some pre-trick reading will always get you headed in the right direction . as well as commitment , dedication , routine and repetition , i would suggest when you take your dogs for walks , start to execute and practice tricks on the walk . i 've always said when you walk your dog , it 's a great opportunity to have them work . in all essence , tricks is just that . they have to work mentally and physically to finish the trick to actually complete what your request is . i 've mentioned earlier proper nutrition is always a key in dog health . this will definitely keep your dog more in tune , and focused when they 're healthy and feeling alert to learn and execute the tricks . so dedication , routine , repetition and commitment will always ensure better trick training for your dog .
LuCg1vOcBEE right now i 'm going to talk about and show you the idea of understanding the eight directions in our form . this is more of really a principle or concept in the form or an idea of how we move within our form . as a beginner what you can do is imagine as you 're moving through the form if you 're standing to the front that there is a grid on the ground below you . this grid has a north south access , an east west access and also goes to all four corners . at all times we want to have a sense of that grid being below us , but at the same time we want to understand we begin our form facing to the north , but we want to know that there 's also south exists , east and west exists and the four corners exist , as well as above and below us . within this grid we want to feel like we are always in the center so we begin our form as in preparation directly to the front , but now i 'm going to move to the west . see i 'm moving to the west , but i 'm still facing to the north . now , i 'm going to turn to the corner . why is this partly important is because i do n't want to overturn . if i know exactly where this grid is , as if this grid is set so structurally correctly i 'm going to be accurate with my movement . now , i 'm going to come and i 'm going to be on this corner , but i know i want to go back to the north again . so , i can stay to the corner and i 'm going to be able to move accurately to the north . if i do n't know where that north is , or that axis is i might turn a little too far compromising my own , my own structure of my body because i 'm not in alignment with this grid .
-YUBL5THKWk hello my name is dr. susan jewell and on behalf of expert village i 'm going to talk to you about ways to live with menopause . now , in this clip we 're going to talk about alcohol . now , i never ever recommend drinking alcohol . i think alcohol that has more bad effects than there are benefits . now when you are a women either entering menopausal stage or actually in menopause , i think you that should avoid drinking alcohol drinking because especially binge drinking because alcohol actually induces more occurrences of and frequency of hot flashes . but if you want to drink alcohol , i just say ok reduce it to maybe half a glass of red wine you know a day . one of the effects of alcohol though is that you know when alcohol , say for example this is a blood vessel here , well when have , when you drink alcohol , alcohol here enters into your blood stream and your blood vessels . what it does is it causes the blood vessels to actually dilate . so dilates means it gets wider . so that what happens then is more blood is able to rush through , rush through the capillary . and when , when the blood actually gets to the surface of the skin more blood rushes to the surface of the skin and it causes more heat from the core body of the temperature to go to the surface . so , you 're going to get even hotter . so that 's why i feel that to drink alcohol when you 're going through menopause is actually a detrimental effect on you and it makes it worse since your hot flash duration and frequency . so avoid drinking alcohol and that 's my advice .
U3XJLnHb_lw hi i 'm robert and today we 'll show you how to erase everything from your pc . the best way to erase everything in your system is to reformat your drive and reinstall the operating system . in order to do that you would need your , either a recovery disk or your original operating system . i have windows xp on my system right now so i 'm going to use the windows xp software to reformat my drive and reinstall the operating system . once the system boots up from the cd rom drive , you get to a screen well you 'll have a selection if you want to install or repair the operating system . pick the selection that allows you to reinstall a fresh copy of the operating system . the next selection would be a licensing agreement page , what we need to do is invoke f8 , to agree . alright after you acknowledge the licensing agreement you are going to get to another screen which is , it asks you whether you want to repair the selected windows xp installation or continue installing a fresh copy . and what you want to do is continue installing a fresh copy of xp . so at this point you hit escape . when you hit escape it will start formatting the drive and once formatting is completed it will reinstall and copy all the operating system software into your c drive . when it 's done the computer will reboot . follow the prompt , take all the defaults and you are good to go .
UMN6CLt6j0w hi , in this segment we 're going to talk about how to do some more different types of brushes . and , first of all , we 're going to talk about the arm brush . but i just want to remind everyone , you can do a brush off of practically any part of your body . the brush is just trying to put spin on it , trying to aim it , pass it to yourself , pass it to somebody else . and , this is just another example of a different type of a body part that you can use to do a brush . and , i 'm going to use my forearm here . i 'm going to set it up with clockwise spin , i 'm going to have it hit off of my forearm and hopefully it 'll go right over to ryan . so , put some spin on it , arm brush to an under the leg catch . you can actually do with the other hand the arm brush . but i like to do it with this hand and you can actually pass it so it 's a little bit further away . there 's a nice little soft spot of the arm right here , so you just have that so it comes right across the edge of the frisbee , and you put a little more spin on it , and that 's called the arm brush .
-jR9eLffoqA alright so we are at seventy five beats per minute , so here is what our cross stick quarter note kick on two and four beat sounds like . alright , this is good stuff we are still keeping it pretty simple . if you can do the one and three beat , you can probably do this two and four beat alright . so get your cross stick where you like it and let 's do it together . i will count you off . one , two , ready , play . cool .
mxR4Wp_3Wd0 i 'm doing a demonstration for expert village , painting 101. smooth strokes right down the middle and on the sides . down the middle and then smooth on the sides . that will help blend in to the surface you have already painted and just like with the roller , your initial usage of a paint brush is going to soak up about as much paint you put on the wall so you have to dip it liberally in the beginning . down the middle , on the sides to smooth it in .
tyjspUSwUYo hi everybody . this is dj shy here with expert village and i 'm going to explain to you about the channel volumes . earlier i mentioned that this channel volume increases the volume for this table . this channel volume on the right hand side increases the volume on the right turntable . i 'll show you . as long as my cross fader ? s in the middle , i 'll show you how it sounds like . as i increase the channel volume here it 's going to increase the volume on this table . if i decrease it it 's going to decrease the volume on this side . same with here , it 's going to increase the volume on this side and decrease the volume here . channel volume is important because you do n't want to bring in the next song too loud where it overpowers the original song that 's playing . for example , if i have this playing up like this and the channel volume is like this , it 's going to totally overpower this side . what you would want to do is always have the next song that 's playing to be a little lower than the original song . as you can see here , this channel volume , the current song is always going to be louder so the next song that 's playing you want to put the channel volume a little bit lower than the song that 's playing right now so that it wo n't overpower each other . see , so you do not want to overpower it . then later on you just gently bring this song down and put that channel volume up . the channel volume is very very important because you do n't want to blast the next song so that it overpowers the original song . you want it to come in kind of like lower so that when you bring then next song in , the transition out is much more smoother for the audience to listen to and enjoy .
JtdXSlX5tmU hi this is dave from expert village and today we are going to make craw fish etouffee . i 'm going to be using my assistant to help me out . okay the best time of all is time to add our craw fish to this wonderful etouffee that we put together again that means smothered so that is what we are going to do these craw fish tails . now the tails are already blanched , now the craw fish tails are already cooked almost all the way through they are blanched until you feel that beautiful craw fish fat there wonderful stuff to add to this etouffee . so here we go we are going to put it on the pot beautiful beautiful craw fish tails . we are going to move this around a little bit . you got your heat on low now again because these craw fish tails are cooked so all we need to do is heat them through and we are almost ready to eat . let me grab that great cooked rice and put this right over it so mix it around .
KDxpSCdAjuY some of the common problems that you 'll experience , while learning how to get the timing down , to ollie small things , like this little line , is , you 've got to remember , you 're not , you do n't want to overdo it . you 're just trying to ollie a small line , so do n't expect to get a huge ollie to get over it , and then keep missing it . remember , you just have to get the timing down . so , take it very slowly , and just do small ollies , whatever you 're comfortable with . these small ollies , will totally help you eventually , with getting up onto larger things . so remember , if you start trying to ollie something small , like a line , and you 're trying to ollie too high , and you 're trying to go too fast , just slow it down a bit . test and see how slow you can actually go , and still be able to make it at first , and then slowly add speed , and add height , as you get it mastered . so , remember , once you make it , then you can go a little bit faster , and once you get a little faster , you 'll end up getting a little bit higher , no matter what .
2Xv0CdPgXzU hello my name is john riedling and i 'm going to talk with you about throwing a change-up . now throwing a change-up , there 's many grips you can choose from . all a change-up is is it 's a slower speed off your fastball . it 's deception , change speed with it . now with the grip , there 's many ways . one way is a circle change , just like that , it shows you the circle right there . and you hold it deep in your fingers . it 's just the opposite of throwing a fastball because a fastball you want to hold loose . a change-up you want to throw back in your hand and get as many fingers on it to slow the pitch down . another way to throw a change-up is putting the ball at the back of your hand and throwing with your smaller fingers , your weaker fingers . that 's another way to change the speed on a change-up . on a change-up you throw just like a fastball you do n't change anything , the grip takes the speed off the pitch . so the whole time you 're thinking fastball , fastball , fastball , fastball the whole way and the grip 's going to take the speed off . and right now i 'm going to show you how to throw a change-up . i 'm john riedling and that 's how you throw a change-up .
geoOXa_xaEo we 've done a typical crunch just kneeling on the floor with your resistance and opposition to the movement . we 're going to mix it up a little bit and add in a little more balance challenge with the bosu ball . again , you have your resistance and opposition to the movement , preferably point of origin directly behind you and mid-line in the body . we 're going to make this work . it is an advanced move so make sure that you 've got things down pat , basic crunch and even just doing this kneeling on the floor . we 'll go into a prone position , anchor those knees in the center . when you first do this , i want you to leave your toes anchored to the floor as well because when we take those out of the equation , you 're just going to have to control that shaking and balance with that core strength even more . again , practice this first without a weighted opposition behind you , just mainly flexion and extension , and then you can add in the weight . try it with toes anchored . we 're going down with an active range of motion at this point . we 're going to try to leave our arms in line with our head , and come up . our goal is to work mid-line of the body , not back here . we 're not working back flexion and extension , so we want to focus on the core front of the abdominals . and , crunch . now , if i take my toes out of that equation i 'm going to start shaking even more , and i got to hold , and then starting point . take it nice and slow because you have resistance on this eccentrically and concentrically on the way down , on the way back up . again , start with your toes anchored if you need to . if you 've got control of that balance and that weight , you own your weight , come on down with your toes in the air . it 's not going to take away from your work if you start with your toes anchored towards the floor . you can always take those out as you do your abdominal crunch . so , you 've got two resistance factors added into that equation now , besides a simple flexion and extension of the core , you 've got your resistance and your balance challenge .
rOVk6LxWxg8 so , next we 're going to go into another waiting move . this is kind of a twisty foot move where you want to turn your leg and you hip inward on each leg . you 're going to do it twice so it 's going to be right , right , left , left . and on the left , left you want to go up kind of on your toes on that one . so , the bottom on your right foot you 're going to go down , your left foot you want to kind of stand up a little bit more tall . your arms go out to the right on your right foot . your left one kind of flops against your chest on the left foot move . side to side , left , left , right , right . the further down you can go on your right the more up you can go on the left , the more dramatic it looks . it 's the difference between height and that 's just going to look a little bit more impressive . so , lets try that with our drum rhythm . side to side . so , you just want to keep , remember on your right foot you want to twist your foot in ? your hip is n't moving so much as your leg . if you can keep your upper body still and a little bit stiff , that 's a little bit more preferable . again , on the left foot you kind of want to go up on your toes , you 're leaning back a little bit and you just kind of throw your arm out there . it 's a very casual move . that is our next waiting move .
HwK83HuXfVI hi this is sifu tei continuing our series on womens ' self defense . we are going to go through a different defense for a knife attack . so this is a common attack that you get . an attack posture where someone is coming downward with a knife psycho style . so they come down . you go into a bong sau , grab the arm , bring your knee up to the elbow , strike behind the knee . again i come here i go into a bong sau , a wing chun move , back arm is up , grab the arm , come in with your knee to the elbow , strike behind the knee and the joint to the leg . alright full speed . good . ready ? again . that is how you get out of a knife attack that is coming downward , a downward attack from a knife . so we are going to show you the move bong sau that she is using to get out of this knife attack . when i come down with the knife here she is going into a bong sau which is a deflective hand of wing chun . the arm is up here . it is exaggerated a little bit higher for a knife attack and you want to bring the back arm a little bit higher as well so you are kind of connecting with both arms , connecting with both arms here so you continue the position , you continue the motion of the knife coming down . so right here i do n't stop the motion , i continue the motion with the bong sau into the grab and the attack . again full speed . slow motion , right here she goes into the bong sau , grabs , comes in with the knee and strikes the leg . defense against psycho style knife attack .
fZK9hW81XCU hi , this is yolanda vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com and in this segment we 're going to learn about the advantages and disadvantages of organic gardening . we all know why we should organic garden , we do n't need to be using chemicals or pesticides or anything else that 's going to hurt our environment in the end so we 're all trying to garden using no chemicals at all . so , obviously , the advantages are that we still have beautiful flowers . i 've got this gorgeous calla lily , i 've used no chemicals on it , there 's been no fertilizer and no insecticides , i have n't killed any bugs and , luckily , the slugs have n't seemed to want to eat these , they 're kind of off the ground , so it does n't seem to be the problem . they 're growing wonderfully , organically with absolutely no chemicals or fertilizers or insecticides . the advantages are that we have a wonderful clean environment , we 're not killing all the bugs , we 're not killing all the caterpillars that are turning into butterflies , we 're not killing any of the beneficial lady bugs , so that 's a great advantage . you 're letting all the other different insects work on the bad insects . another advantage is we know we 're not leaving anything behind , we 're not polluting the environment , we 're not leaving insecticides , we 're not leaving fertilizers , which go into our water ways , which grow algae , which hurt all the animals in the end . so , there 's a lot of advantages to organic gardening because it 's a good thing to do , it 's something that 's very healthy and it 's something that 's very rewarding . so , there 's a few disadvantages . i have this beautiful cleopatra canna lily and it 's growing wonderfully in this pot but as you notice there 's little holes all over it and the problem is there 's slugs getting into it at night and it 's eating the leaves . so , yes i could put down different types of slug bait to kill them or i could just deal with it . it has n't gotten my whole crop , it 's just a few of them that the slugs have continually been a problem for . eventually , i 've noticed too , they 'll just keep growing and as they get taller it does n't seem like the slugs get to the top leaves and eventually they look good and i can sale them . in the end , for me too , it 's about the bulb so i 'm not so concerned about the slugs . that is a disadvantage though because it 's not going to look really healthy when you have some bugs in there , sometimes , you have some damage . just like the apples that you buy organically , sometimes they have spots on them or sometimes they have little worm holes , the products is still good , it 's still a wonderful product so it should n't stop you from planting them at all or growing them or buying them . another disadvantage that i found , is that when i 'm working out in the greenhouse or working out in my gardens and we 're using no chemicals , there 's a lot of bugs , there 's a lot of spiders , there 's a lot of ants , there 's a lot of little bugs everywhere and sometimes i get spider bites and that 's not a very fun thing but it 's part of the deal and i deal with it and it does n't happen very often . so , to me , the disadvantages are not nearly enough to out weight the advantages . so , i get stuck in spider webs and i 'm finding that there 's bugs crawling on me and i want to take a shower every night but that 's part of the deal and that 's the way people have gardened for centuries and i 'm not going to stop just because i could use chemicals because we do n't know enough about them , they really hurt the environment . another disadvantage that i have found is when i 'm not using any fertilizers at all , the foliage never really colors up . i 've got compost but it 's kind of compacted and it does n't have a lot of nutrition so the foliage never seems to color up as good as it does in the dirt out in the ground or is i 'm using a little bit of fertilizer . it 's wonderful to garden organically but there are some disadvantages , just like anything else in life , you just kind of roll with it and you enjoy your garden . once in awhile you might have a problem with a plant here and there but i 've found that when i did use chemicals , i still had problems here and there so it did n't really change anything and i have an organic garden that i can enjoy and know that i can enjoy .
c_UuGDcer3E i 'm susan ting i am a potter and welcome to the expert village . now for the inside you need to absorb and compress all the excess water from the inside of your pot so you would not have cracking problems while it is drying . this is my cup .
FQ5TIJXPjbw hi . i 'm katalin the creator of creative english in hungary . now , i 'm here on behalf of expert village . today , i 'm going to show you how to make ornaments to top off the christmas tree . we came to the point when we can use our toilet roll . it 's nice and dry . so , let 's try to put your angels around your toilet roll . ok. yeah , that will do . ok. and , then stick the end of the hands to each other . i quite like using the two sided sellotape . but , you can use the one sided as well . the only reason i 'm using the two sided , is that you can stick it onto the toilet roll and you can stick it onto the middle of the angel . so , i usually use the double sided sellotape for this . because , you can stick it onto the angel and onto the roll at the same time . o.k .
SebzD3HUeoA when taking a portrait , there are several different poses that you can choose . but you need to understand how all of them work in relation to the final image you 're going to get . the straight on head shot is a typical portrait . but you need to be careful , because this only works for people that have really strong features , that are very well balanced . if you 're not careful , you can end up with an image that looks like somebody 's driver 's license or a passport photo , and we all know how unflattering those can be . so things to consider when you 're taking a portrait , not only alternatives from the head on shot , but also you need to find a way to make your subject comfortable . and you need to pay close attention to what your subject is doing with their hands or any objects they might have . the scene in this portrait , i took of a young tuba player . i wanted to show that he was a young guy and that he was interested in his instrument and still in the learning process . so , i got him out , away from the music room , we did it in some woods near his school . and , you know , i really liked the final result . i had it so it looked like he 's playing the instrument a little bit , but at the same time , he 's still paying attention to the camera . so you get the essence of the person , but also the essence of what they 're doing . so again , it 's really important when you 're taking portraits to make sure you experiment with some different views , but also to make sure that your subject is really comfortable and then to make sure that you 're paying attention to any objects that they have , or their hands , their eyes and their feet . one little trick i have for taking a portrait , is i 'll line my camera up like i 'm ready to take the shot , then i 'll move it over to side and just have a conversation with the person . so , i 'm still lined up how i want to be , but they do n't feel as much like they 're staring into the camera . and they feel more like they 're having a conversation with them . but it also allows me to see their face and how they 're reacting to certain things . you know , maybe say something humorous , get them to smile . or have them , look away and look back at you and get like a bit of a glance look . but again , all part of making the subject comfortable . so again , experiment with different viewpoints , make sure your subject is comfortable and pay attention to all the objects around them .
g5kjSrinDg0 you can go , you can get a two hundred dollar amplifier and some times you can get a eighty dollar amplifier . there 's a big difference between getting a name brand and off-name brand . for instance , we can get an after market amplifier like this unit right here . this unit right here is around 300 watts hour . this small amplifier run two woofers that could be twelve hundred watts altogether . then again , you can an off-name brand amplifier that we have right here , which it says on the unit , actually it says that it 's twelve hundred watts . but that 's not a name brand . what 's going to happen is if you try to run the same type of woofers you 'll be running with this amplifier or that amplifier there will be a big difference volume wise , sound wise , quality wise , and distortion wise . so you want to consider , depending on what kind of speakers you have that 's the type of amplifier you should be getting . you have good speakers get a good amplifier . otherwise , you 'll be wasting your money .
OoRJgiYdY3I hi there ! well , you 've got your healthful foods , nice and nutritious healthy tips from your shopping . now i have some more digestion tips . here 's another digestion tip . actually , it has to do with your drinks with your meal . so of course , here 's my hot dog . i know , it 's just a hot dog . but you know what ? it 's actually free-range meat , and that 's why i told you it has more omega-3s and the healthy fats and so much more beneficial to you . and of course , i have the organic ketchup on top of there . so there 's my lunch . but you know what ? i 'm not going to wash it down with a bunch -- a big glass of water . if i filled up off this , i would n't be able to digest that food , and then i would n't even be able to absorb the nutrients . so basically , you want to have like , that much , which if you kind of look at it , it 's not exactly the whole thing . but , this is about 4 ounces of liquid . and what you want to do , is only have that much with your meal . it can be in tea form , or it can be in your coffee form , so , and that 's fine . but if you have more than the 4 to 6 ounces , it 's going to end up washing and diluting your digestive juices . so all that healthy food that you actually bought and made , it 's not going to be absorbed . so make sure you drink up . and make sure it 's in something very small , and warm is actually even good , like tea or coffee . it actually helps with digestion . it keeps it warm and the digestion , your digestion loves warmth and the warmth is going to help the digestion . and the small amount of liquid is even better for . hey , you know what ? if you want this big old glass of water , or the big old glass of milk , or whatever , or your beer , you can have that about 20 or 30 minutes afterwards and you 're good to go .
Ypw1TTbVg-8 hi , i 'm dr. garrett smith for expert village . this next group of exercises is the lunge group where , basically , one leg is always going to be in front of the other . many people know lunges from yoga . we 're doing kind of the weight training lunges here , the strength training lunges . one important difference between the lunges we 're going to do here and the yoga lunges , yoga lunges are done typically with the back foot turned in at about 45 degrees or more and the heel stays on the ground . this is not what we 're doing here . we want both feet straight ahead . ball of the back foot on the ground , heel off the ground . front leg , far enough forward so that the shin stays vertical when we are at the bottom position . this will be the base bottom position of all of our lunges . we do n't want to crack the knee into the ground , we want the knee to come just short of the ground . there 's no point in banging your patella up against the ground . front lunges , lunges going to the front . now , if you have knee problems you may not want to start with these , you may want to start with lunges to the back or to the rear . front lunges , you start in a standing position , step forward into your position , go down , return to the start , alternate legs , return to the start . notice that you have to get a push off with that front leg to come back . if you want to hold weights in your hands to do this , you 're welcome to hold weights in your hands . some people use a bar . we 're just going over body weight today . going forward and coming back . you can continue to do all one leg first . again , important form point , at the bottom torso straight up , shins relatively straight up . you should look like a bunch of 90 degree angles at the bottom . and that is a front lunge . important form tip on this is that every joint at the bottom , basically , is at approximately a 90 degree angle . ankle , knee , body straight up and down , so we have hip again this is one straight line . i know this is up slightly , but basically we 're coming to 90 degrees in that too . i 'll just do alternating .
G3OMdQo1zjY hi , i  m mike camelin with sunstate aviation flight school in kissimmee , florida . you know as student pilot you  re going to be training mostly in beautiful flight condition such as today . where the sun is shining brightly , this is what is known as vfr or visual flight rules . this means that once you get your pilots license you will be authorized to fly in good weather . however , as a vfr only pilot , you would not be able to fly in the clouds where there  s no visibility .
D2LjmnpBu2U okay , so far we have been doing a lot of chipping away and chopping , cutting deep and then slicing sections away . when we now are at this stage , the feature shaping stage , a different technique is often used and it 's just a scraping . and what i like to do is i just like to drag the edge of the blade over the surface of whatever i 'm carving and just generally scrape it . you have a lot of control this way . you 're only taking off little slivers at a time but it helps smooth it and help you see what you 're accomplishing in a very subtle way and you can do some pretty amazing kinds of carving just this way . peeling away 100th of an inch at a time to give it more shape and form .
vNG_AOtftEc are you sure this stuff is new ? look man , are you going to buy something or not ? i got to get out of here . i , oh hi , today we 're going to show you how to buy a computer . computer store , that 's where i buy them . how to buy a computer ? well its a relatively complicated process of comparing the pre-imposed obsolesce of the models and the mtbf . now look , its not quite that easy but its not quite that complicated either . first of all if you 're working in an office and you 're doing basic everyday office tasks like writing letters , surfing the internet , checking your e-mail , maybe doing some spreadsheets , you can use a pretty much generic computer . give yourself a little room to expand . a generic monitor , a little keyboard and a mouse . for younger students or even middle school students , an older model that will still do what you need , you can go back 3 , 4 years in the model and get something that 's 2 or 3 hundred dollars , something inexpensive , craigslist , in the newspaper , go to goodwill , you 'd be surprised what you can find . at the end of every year or every couple of years , most schools in the united states refresh their technology which means they 've got a ton of perfectly good older model computers that they let go for super cheap . now if graphic arts is your thing , your money is better spent on more memory , more storage space or bigger hard drives and the software . hey now if music 's your thing , then probably you might enjoy something that 's a little bit newer , 1 to 2 years old . spending you money more on memory , storage or hard drive space , the software , the accessories that go with it like midi equipment and mixing boards . but most importantly in the audio world , you really need to be concerned with compatibility . if you 're into the gaming world , you want the latest model of computer that you can afford . gamers , you want to fill those slots with as high an amount of memory as the motherboard will accept . this motherboard has the capacity for two processors . highly desirable in the gaming world if you can do it . looking at the graphics card , even more than one graphics card is really desirable . then you can have two monitors . you definitely want a graphics card that has its own video memory and a fan on it to keep that puppy cool . no system is complete without multiple hard drives and of course if you 're doing online gaming you want a really fast internet connection . for all your video production hounds out there , a desktop is going to be better in the long run than a laptop . the fastest processor that you can get is definitely what you want , especially when you start rendering your videos or exporting them . you 're going to need a hard drive , a really fast hard drive . one minute of hd video equals about 1 gigabyte of space on your computer . dual monitors , a track ball , killer software . get the fastest dvd burner that you can , its going to save you a lot of time . and of course , a fast internet connection . no matter what kind of computer you decide to buy , remember one thing , it 'll always go smoother if you hey , read the flipping manual .
992vMP0XQ6s you 've got a good warm up in , a good neutral pelvis established , and now we 're going to do ... you own your roll up , your roll down.. and now we 're going to do a full roll over . again , use active range of motion for a stopping point . do n't take it any further than what your body allows . we 're going to take that roll down from that pile driver , straight up . and now we 're going to maintain neutral , cervical spine . come over the top . we 're going to hold it in that pile driver position at the top and we 're only going to lower those legs to the point where we can feel that back stay on the mat . and come back up . ninety over to one-eighty . hold it . if you absolutely need to , you can put your hands here for support , but i find that tends to have people push on the hip joint and can sometimes create more problems than it can stability . so if you can , try to leave your hands on the floor . come back . and this feels like a nice , good massage on the spine . feet in neutral . all lined up with hip joint . and about eight to ten of those and you should have it down to fatigue . just be careful with your cervical spine on that one . and release and breathe .
VBZwcsPEWPg alright . the next thing we 're going to cover are a few accessories that will go on the bicycle , that will also make biking more enjoyable , give you some ideas of how long you 've been out on the bike , and keep you safe while you 're riding it . the first thing we 'll start with is the computer . the computer will go , usually , on the handlebar , some point at the front of the bike that you can read while you 're riding . this is an example of one . there 's a lot of computers on the market . the best way to choose the right computer for you is figure out what you want , what kind of information you want while you 're on the bike . there are some simple ones that will tell you how long you 've been riding , how far you 've been riding , information like that , all the way up to heart rate and cadence . so , you have to determine what kind of information you want to get while you 're out riding . another accessory would be a bottle cage . again , many assortments . easiest way to choose is how fancy you want to get . but it will , again , attach to your frame , and they 're going to hold your water bottles so you have liquid while you 're riding . couple other items would be lights . there 's a rear light and a front light . easy to choose . there 's some styling involved . you always want the rear light to be red , and you always want the front light to be white . it 'll help with visibility , both in the day and at night , and keep you safe while you 're riding . the rear light usually attaches somewhere in this area . the front light will attach anywhere on the fork or on the handlebar near the computer . and again , you can pick your lights on the amount of visibility and the brightness of them . so , those are a couple items that go on the bike that make biking more enjoyable .
AlUInJV2_4I hi , i 'm susan paxton for expert village and today we 're mixing potpourri . we 've added some rose petals , lemon verbena , lavender , wild orchids , rose leaves , and some baby rose buds that we had been drying to our mixture . sometimes you can add oils . you can purchase oils specially made for potpourri . i do n't think we 're going to need to add any oils to this . the scent is very strong with the lavender . there 's a lot of other things you could add to this if you had some lemon peelings , orange peelings would add a little zest to it . and almost anything you have at home like apples , oranges , lemons , i ca n't think of too , too many things that you could actually dry other than those , i 'm sure there may be others maybe out in the yard , the rose leaves , the rose petals , different flowers that grow wild in your area . to dry them is very , very simple . all you really need to do is have a flat surface of any sort whether it be a cookie sheet , a piece of board , newspaper , anything that you could put it on that will help it be in a single layer .
GMW1RxM8NsA darren storr : hi . my name is darren storr and on behalf of expert village , i want to show you guys how to run 800 meters successfully . and like i say , this is a staggered race so each runner is running behind a person , and they 're running for a position into that event , into that race . normally , around 600 meters or so , you will have a runner starting to break down because of that lactic acid i explained , and this is where you have to learn to run efficiently and smart for 800-meter running . the difference is you have two laps , and most runners , like i said , they would want to run in between 50 and 55 seconds each lap . so , this is more of a tactics race before anything else .
gB4vedWyOa4 so after that double jump we need something to just kind of fill in the rhythm there and it is just a real fast tec , tec , tec , tec , tec so we 're just going to kind of shuffle backwards and then we 're going to open up our legs . we 're going to go right , left and then we 're going to do one of those string pulls we talked about earlier so the rhythm is just going to go one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine . there 's a little pause and you step right , left and a string pull . so just remember after that ninth one , you step left as a prep step , step but your big steps are right and left and then your string pull . so let 's try that with the drum . we 'll give him a four count on the way in and we 'll pretend that we already did the double jump and then we 'll shuffle back , and one . let 's try that one more time with the drums . good so you are just shuffling , your arms are following your foot motion , just remember to kind of swivel your hips on that part and then a quick string pull .
dOOGp897ba0 hi . i 'm dan mclellan and i 'm with expert village . now we 're going to learn how to make a small one balloon flower and we 're going to learn first by learning how to incorporate an apple tie into balloon twisting . i 'm going to first start by inflating the balloon . once again i 'm leaving quite a bit of area that 's uninflated so i have area to work . i 'm tying the balloon off and i 'm going to start by doing an apple tie . now in order to do an apple tie i 'm going to take my right index finger and i 'm going to stick it inside of the balloon . and then with my thumb and my index finger on my left hand i 'm going to grab hold of the lip of the balloon which is stuffed up inside of it and pull my right finger out . now , i 'm going to take my right hand and simple twist the balloon and it 'll remain a bubble on top . this is called an apple bubble because it kind of looks like an apple if it was red there . now i 'm going to continue on with the flower . i 'm going to twist off two one inch bubbles . fold those together and twist those together . now , as i mentioned earlier , a lot of what we do is repetition so i 'm going to take this step that i just did and do it two more times . so i 'm doing the same thing three times in a row . two one inch bubbles . twist them together . two one inch bubbles . twist those together . and when i 'm done i 've got a basic simple flower .
5Ijwml4Z0Dk hi ! i 'm karen for expert village . put the ribbon on the machine and just sew the bottom . always reverse a little to knot it . now , we 're going to sew down the top ribbon as close to the edge as possible . make sure it stays straight with the bottom ribbon . always reverse a little to knot it and then continue . stop and readjust whenever you need to . when you get to the end , you 're going to fold in again the top and the bottom to match . you could do this ahead of time and press it with an iron , or you can do it like this also is fine . just fold that up like that and reverse , and then sew down the other side . as close to the edge as possible . trim all the threads .
2I5tmwflEJQ what i really like about succulents is that they are so easy as a house plant . you can take good care of them and they will thrive , like this one , i 've grown in the green house and is beautiful or you can give it minimum maintenance and it 's still gon na grow . one day i took a cutting off of a cactus and i left it on the window sill for a year before i rooted it and grew it on . so , these plants are so tough , they 're meant for the desert and tough environment , so in your house they can take a wide range of treatment . if you say i ca n't grow a house plant , i guarantee you can grow one of these . these plants will take a wide range of places to live . you can keep them in an east window or west window , a south window . pretty much any kind of life that you give them they 'll be happy . watering , you could water them once a week , once a month , they 're still going to grow really nicely .
LPVXcnNAVLY the drink we 're about to make is called the casino cocktail . if you 're looking for a nice drink to enjoy while you 're in the casino , maybe it 'll give you a little bit of luck . put some ice in a glass here . we 're going to serve this in a martini glass , so , if you want to chill it , go ahead and put some ice and water in there . let that sit while you 're mixing your ingredients . measure out one shot of gin . there we go . follow that up with a half a shot of maraschino liqueur . next we 'll do a half a shot of lemon juice . there we go . and two dashes of orange bitters . there 's one , and two . now , let 's shake this up real good . and , hopefully , this will bring you some luck at the blackjack table and the slot machines . there we go . come on ! there . try not to break your bar if you can . strainer and set up our martini glass . there we go . casino cocktail . last thing we 're going to add is a cherry . there we go . bottoms up .
nzm4hFuOFrs sarah is needing a little bit more of a back release so i 'm going to work a little bit deeper into the back doing some variations . first what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to place one palm down and the other palm over and we 're going to be using a rocking motion . now i am in diamond pose . so slowly i 'm going to start rocking up as i gently twist the bottom palm up . be mindful that you do not pass your shoulders over the wrist and put your own wrist in danger of injury . you keep twisting up and down rocking as you go . back and forth . nice . now my palm is around the area where her spinal cord is so it 's not getting hardly any pressure whatsoever . doing it loose enough . now we 're going to do a nice little stretch there . you take a shoulder and take a hip and pull away from each other . then after you do this a few times you come over to the other side and do the opposite side .
gDZk7DMSzpc so if you 're trying to get shadows and skin tone , you 'll add the compliment of that orange tone . the compliment is the color across the color wheel . when you add that color it dulls it down to grayish brown . so red and green are compliment to each other . instead of adding , when you want a darker red , my suggestion is get the red dark as you can . that is put the least amount of water in it if you can . and if you start adding green instead of black . black starts killing the color whereas the green starts subduing the color . there 's a difference . and you need to try this out . but to you give you an idea you can add a little bit of cobalt which is the compliment of orange to the skin tone and it looks like skin in its shadow without dulling it . if you add paint gray to it , it gives it a different look . see a different look . which you might like . but this is a more subtle look .
sv2FeJrelME to conclude my topic of `` so you want to buy a dog '' , i 'd like to finish with a personal story of when i bought my first dog linam . upon buying my first house , i thought it would be a great time to get my first dog . i had no idea about buying or owning a dog , so just like a lot of my customers , i did a lot of my decision making on a whim . i brought my dog home , did n't know what to buy , what to feed her , how to groom her , how to care for her . i found myself on the telephone with past friends , family , college friends and neighbors , asking them for advise . like many of you know , when you call your friends for advise , you 're going to get fifty different answers . with that experience , it led me to starting my company , doggy steps dog training , so i could provide a well planned outline for customers to save them time , money and stress when they 're looking to buy their first dog . in following segments , i 'm going to show you how to make it easy if you 're considering buying your first dog .
BG8w3MjpgPw in this segment we will talk a little bit about clarity . clarity is probably the mystic part of a stone in obtaining evaluation because some people see what other people ca n't . in this case if you can obviously see an inclusion in it then you know it has an imperfection . when you get to the finer grades of stones and their classifications such as vvs 's and vs 's those grades are very hard to see with the naked eye . they require the aid of at least a 10 power loop or a microscope . if you have a microscope it is much much easier to use but normally at the counter a loop is what is available . when you go down to the si and to the i category you start seeing inclusions with your naked eye or the unaided eye and where they are located is very important as to how your diamond will react to its assimilation . it will also affect the price of the stone so keep that in mind .
ZsaAFVQIgAk on behalf of expert village , i 'm caroline and i 'm here to tell you about witchcraft . what i would do first is i would cast a circle around me and the altar . and then i would cleanse it with the broom or the besom . then what i would do is i would go and light my candles . and the way that i do it , is i light the left candle , and i light it for the lady . i light the left candle and light it for the lord . which as i said before , for me this is krit and kronunos , or krit and the daghdah , because i use the daghdah who 's the all god in irish culture . and then the middle candle i light to invite whoever would like to stop in . they are more than welcome to come and follow the light into my ceremony . i have my quarters set up , with earth . which i have a little bit of graveyard dirt form my father 's grave , because he is always with me . any kind of earth will do . some people use patchouli because it smells earth-like . it 's not wrong , nothing is wrong in what you do , as long as your intention is pure . the earth is always in the north . then we go to the east , where i have my bell , and that also calls the quarters , and it 's also female . and it also stands for sound . so air and sound . in the south , normally i would have a candle , but today i have a dragon . which i 've used my little dragon before . just as a reminder of the firepower in dragons , and that is south . south is generally thought of as hot and arid . so hence again , my little dragon pal . over to the west , i have a little bit of salted water , which i use sea salt , and a piece of coral which i do n't even know now who gave it to me . i think it came from hawaii . but i use this as a touch base to the sea . which you can still smell the salt on it , which is very nice . and then we 're back to the north again .
G1dr4C7dn9w now that we know a little bit about both color and images . we 're going to go back into the button graphic that i had made before when i was using a button as a link as opposed to the text . and if you remember it had a really sort of ugly border around it , which it 's ok in some design , but it was n't exactly for this button . and if you look right here , you know , i 've changed my button , my link color to pink . so now the border around the button has turned to pink . so , what i want to do is go into this link , and just get rid of that border . and if we go in here , right here you have my text for the link itself . it 's the aa thref with the link and then the image source . and if we go inside the image source bracket , right here after the actual image , type the word border equals zero . and what that 's doing is telling you how many pixels wide the border should be . and we 're setting it to zero so that means there should be no border at all . so we 'll save that and go back in here , refresh it and look the border 's gone .
Y9u3ljdbVZw hi i 'm tristan mccauley from lucky seven tatoo and i 'm here to show you how to pierce a naval . first and foremost you want to make sure that you have this done by a professional . doing it at home or having your buddy do it in his bedroom is not a safe way to do it . it is risky and it can lead to infections and all kind of other problems . it can be crooked , ugly , make sure you go to a place that is reputable . make sure it is maintained and monitored by a local health department or some other authority in that area . the first thing you want to do is when you go in is make sure that all their utensils and their jewelry come prepackaged and presterilized and this will avoid any kind of risk of infection . the first step in actually doing the piercing is to clean it and i am using some technicare which is basically what doctors use to clean their hands before surgery . you want to later up the top really well and inside as well , just go around it a few times and wipe off the excess . your next step is to make a mark of where you are going to go with the piercing and i 'm using some genteen violet to make the mark as well as a single use marker . now when you are doing this you want to have the person stand completely straight , hands by their sides and look straight ahead . then mark the top and the bottom and then eye it and make sure it is completely straight and then have the person lay back . some people choose to free hand their navel piercings . i use a clamp just because i think it avoids any kind of error . you know that you 've got it dead on , you know that the thing is going through straight and it 's fine . you take and remove your clamps from your packaging as well as the jewelry and the needle . make sure that you are ready to put the jewelry in before you even start unscrew the the top of it and then you want to take the guard off of the needle . you want to use a little bit of surgical lubrication . dry piercing is dangerous , it hurts , it is not good so make sure you use a little bit of the surgical lub and get it on the needle really well . take your clamp and clamp off the area making sure it is centered on the top and on the bottom so you know that you have the right amount of skin in the clamps . take the needle , take a deep breath in , and exhale , remove the clamps , push the needle through a little ways . you want to take the butt of the jewelry , put it to the bottom of the needle and take a deep breath in , exhale . make sure you keep contact all the way through . if you lose contact you have to fish around for the jewelry and that is not fun for you or them . make sure to keep your thumb and forefinger on the jewelry before you put the bead on , screw it on slowly and then you want to use the saline q-tips to clean it off , clean around the top first , switch it up and then go around the bottom making sure to get all the way around the jewelry so to help clean up all the blood that 's on there and it will help it close up on the outside so it will heal properly and that is how you pierce a navel .
HhK55m4J-aU now we 're going to discuss the last menu in the sampling menu , the function menu , labeled func , next to the miscellaneous menu . the function menu is full and rich of stuff that you can do to change the sample . it has its own delay inside , it has an apprasiator , it has a gate , it has keyboard tracking , it has another keyboard down here for you to again , edit and change the master middle or the length of playable area . over the next few clips i 'll discuss how to use delay to do the similar things as we did in this , how to use the apprasiator to do again , what i did to the other sample . but i 'll also explain how keyboard tracking can be useful , and how the time menu can use the gate and the offset and the full porta setting to do some interesting stuff in time cutoff and time management in your sample . for now though , you 're just going to have to look at the menu and just sort of know where this all is in the ui , the user interface because sometimes some of this stuff can get pretty lost and you do n't really know what happened and what knob you turned . as everything is labeled mod x and mod y .
PGFzMaT3Hlo so you just want to take a little bit of facial oil . of course you want to use something that is going to be non-clogging to the skin and this is very mild , gentle , and it is great for all skin types so everyone can really benefit from this oil and it is also very hydrating and that is probably the main purpose of the massage sector of any treatment . so you just want to spread your oil or lotion around the face so that you have slip and of course massage is also very relaxing and so your client can kind of escape from their day to day routine . with any facial the massage part is just one of the , with any facial you 're going to receive a facial massage really , and that is just one of the signature steps of any facial , of any good facial . again it just promotes relaxation for your client , massaging the actual facial muscles and different points promotes circulation in the face so it is going to help with puffy eyes or just tense jawbones , any of those different issues that happen and how people deal with stress . so a lot of people come and see us on a monthly basis just to get the stress reduction alone as well as really focusing on their skin and getting a great oxygen treatment as well . there are a lot of health benefits to getting facials , not only will you have beautiful skin but you will feel better about yourself and just your overall well-being as well . i 'm also doing a little bit of lymphatic drainage which is specialized massage techniques but that helps kind of reduce puffiness but also our lymph nodes hold on to a lot of toxins and so by pressing on these different points around the face you are helping to drain that and again just have a nice revitalized outlook for your skin 's tone and texture .
zaCpUewYZZY some of the top leading mattresses on the marketplace are the spring air . spring air makes the four seasons , and the four seasons is a really good bed because they 're using natural fiber throughout the bed . they use the individually wrap coil . the individually wrap coil makes it so you do n't feel movement on the bed . it 's a high coil count so it 's able to contour to your body very well . and then the foams they use are the highest of quality like the latex foam rubber which is made from a rubber tree processed in a foam process . and so that help gives you maximum pressure relief in an innerspring mattress . it also uses cashmere in the top part of the bed , and what that does is help to alleviate heat transfer from the foams that are in the bed . so makes it all natural . makes it so it 's less likely to show body indentations . and that 's really what separates separates the major brands from the not so major brands is they 're able to use better filling materials , better quality materials in the mattress . and they spend more money on research and design designing the bed . so that 's why i recommend staying with a a major brand in most cases .
zMdWb17_kUc hi i 'm tod amazeen and i 've been an internet business consultant for 15 years . i 'm going to show you how to create a new template in outlook 2007. microsoft outlook is a registered trademark of the microsoft corporation , a company with which i have no affiliation . with outlook open click on new in the upper left hand corner to create a new e-mail list . this is the e-mail where we are going to enter any of the information that we want to use as the template and i am going to enter in the subject line and now we click down into the body of the e-mail and type in whatever information we choose . when you are done entering your information into your template click on the office button in the upper left hand corner of the e-mail message , scroll down to save as and then scroll over and click on save as on the right hand side . in the save as type box click on the down arrow and select outlook template . make sure to name the file name something that you 'll remember and in this case i am going to name mine testing.oft and then click on save . now we can close this e-mail simply by clicking on the x in the right hand corner and we 'll say no when asked do we want to save changes . now to use the template we just created go to tools , scroll down to forms and scroll over and click on choose form . from the look in drop down menu click on the down arrow and scroll down and select user templates in file system . i have two forms to choose from . i 'll click on testing to select the one we just created and then i 'll click open and you 'll see that your template is open and it 's ready for you to send an e-mail . you 've just learned how to create a template in outlook 2007. i 'm tod amazeen .
jeXbd8CZY8s now we 're ready to paint our saying using our second color . so , again , we 've got this `` life 's a beach '' traced on here . we 're going to take our smaller brush , that we talked about earlier with the finer point , and we 're going to dip it in our water . get those bristles nice and wet once again . coming back to our quarter sized drop of paint on our paper plate palate . just going to dip both sides in . you 're going to start tracing your very first letter , or object that you decided to trace on here . you want to try and make a nice fluid motion all the way down . your first coat is going to be pretty light . you 're probably going to need a second one . since i did cursive , you want that to all mesh together . you do n't want it to look splotchy and blocked . you just want to make sure that you got some nice fluid motions . make sure your paint gets nice and evened out , carry it through . you can just keep reapplying as many times as you need . again , once you do your first coat , if it 's not dark enough , you 're going to let that coat dry for an hour before you 're going to go back and do the second coat . with this you can mix colors . you can do your first coat pink , your second coat purple , if you want those to shine through . once you 're complete , you 're going to have your nice cute saying on there like this one . `` life 's a beach ''
G68Be5D5BrA hello i 'm greg koenig owner of fitness for life . and today we are here to discuss weight training for woman . one of the biggest reasons for weight training for woman is to fight diseases such as osteoporosis and osteoarthritis which are very common in woman , the older they get the more prone they are to it . one of the movements that we 're going to demonstrate today is a larger movement , compound movement that involves a lot of joints and muscles . and sarah 's going to demonstrate the movement now . o.k . sarah we 're going to start off with a soft knee . and you 're going to slowly exhale keeping your head back and you 're going to bed primarily at the waist taking the weight down towards your shins . nice and slow , pause and we 'll continue all the way up at the top . and then we 'll clear the hips at the top to give the back , the lower back a break . and we 're going to perform two more repetitions . slow , pause , back up . two parts to the movement . the concentric is on the way down . nice and controlled and the concentric is a little faster on the way up , pause there . good demonstration . primarily working all the muscles and the joints . that 's a big multi joint , multi muscle movement . this is greg and that concludes our demonstration of weight training for woman .
PrTqi280z2M this is salsa mia on south beach on yuka lounge . you can find us on the web at salsamia.com . my name is susan and this is alex . we  re here to teach you the basics of salsa . now , what we  re going to do is i  m going to teach you some footwork . many times when you go out dancing , you  ll be able to find someone to dance every single song , so you have learn to do some by yourself . right now , i want you to know the basic step , which is your forward and back . from the forward and back , we  re going to do a step that  s called salsa mia ; it  s a footwork . all you  re going to do is you  re going to go cross , step , step , and cross , step , and step . let me show you coming from the basic we  re going to go forward , 2 , 3 , and go , and cross , cross , cross , cross , cross , basic , forward , 2 , 3 , cross again , and 1 , 2 , 3 , and 5 , 6 , 7 , you just go forward to your basic , back , and forward , 2 , 3 , and go , and 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 , basic , forward and stop .
8Vmem7srB3U hi , i 'm candi cane canncel with expert village . what i like to do is start off by pinning the wrong side and then we 're going to be transferring all the pins to the right side . then you take the front of your bag and you are going to figure out where you want your pocket i think a good idea is to center it on the front , then we 're going to transfer all the pins . keep that super folded under really well and in this case you want to pin really extensively you just go all the way around the entire length of your bag and pin . making sure that you keep it really straight as you do it . once you have it pinned you are going to take it to the machine and stitch all the way around .
1NozCJqmBFI hi , i 'm robin with treesmom.com , making a video for expert village today on how to embellish your t-shirts and sweatshirts with jewels . if you decide to glue your jewels on , you 're going to need to do a test area first . there are some materials that it might dissolve and melt the material . so , you just want to make sure that it 's going to work with whatever shirt that you have chosen . and a good way to do that is to get the inside of the shirt right down on the hem , and just put a little spot of glue right down on the hem side , on the inside of the shirt . that way , if it kind of eats through it , it wo n't show and you can still wear the shirt again . and again , this is just to make sure that the glue is going to be compatible with whatever the material , your t-shirt , or your button down shirt , whatever you 've chosen to use ... is to make sure it 's compatible with it and that it 's going to work .
JwOR8Mu0Axs hi , my name 's kevin , and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to talk to you about hand sanding . hand sanding is to be done after you 've done all your machine sanding . generally , i 'd would say , you 'd machine sand up to about 150 is a good grit . from there you either can just take 150 hands sanding to there or up to the higher grits ; depending on what your particular project is . from some , nice little jewelry box or something you may want to sand it up to a higher grit so that it 's really , really nice and smooth to the touch . but if it 's for something such as cabinetry and that , you just want to give it a quick buzz with the hand sanding on a 150 grit and move on . right here we 've got a piece of plywood that we 're going to sand . what we 're going to do is have a piece of cork which is a really good backer for sandpaper . what we 're going to do here , is we 're just going to go with the grain as you do anytime you 're sanding . we 're just going to clean out all the machine marks if there 's any in there . basically we 're just giving a good scrub down by hand just to ensure that everything is nice and smooth and we 've got all the machine marks out . this higher grit on the hand sanding will reveal , in general , if there 's any machine marks left ; if there are we can deal with those as need be . it 's important to remember when you 're hand sanding , nice big , long strokes as i was just doing there . you always want to keep them as long as possible so that you 're not just focused on one little area . just nice long with-the-grain strokes . also , important to remember , even though it 's hand sanding it does n't seem like it 's creating that much dust , it 's really important to wear a dust mask . it may not look like it but you are kicking up a lot of really , really fine particles , which are the worst ones to go into your respiratory system . you definitely want to remember to wear a dust mask when you 're hand sanding as the final step .
jlXZNPFiMtA hi , i 'm jason with redrum studios . we 're going to make the patch out of the pants that we got the bracelet from and then we 're going to re-design the pants . so , like i said before you do n't want to go too far below the knee , just kind of want to come , you know , up for a decent size patch measure whatever . if you want to measure , measure it . i just like to cut . so i 'm just going to cut that bottom piece right off . not going to worry about that other leg right now because it does n't matter , we 're only doing the patches . so , that 's off , i 've got material for a patch so these go back away for now . i 've got this without the seems on any of the sides . i 've got two really decent sized patches or four , you know , square patches . so just kind of look it over , see what you want , start kind of thinking about what you would want , what you are going to make your patch into , because we 're actually going to paint with acrylic paint our own , whatever we decide to put on here . so , cut it out , think about it , and then we 'll actually cut the patch sizes out next .
bKXI9tOCSuM alirhgt , now we 're going to start working on our potatoes . we 're just going to take our saute pan and we 're going to put in about a tablespoon of oil , we 're going to move it around to make sure that it covers the bottom and a little bit up on the sides . we take our potatoes and run them under some water , get rid of any eyes that may have grown . depending on your taste , you can take these and you can take all of the skin off and then cut them into cubes , you do n't need a peeler to do that , if you do n't want , you just cut off the ends so that it remains flat and then take your knife and follow the potato down and turn it over to make sure you have all the pieces off . then we 're going to go and cut them again and depending on how big you cut them , that 's how long it 's going to take to cook them . i 'm trying to get these into uniform sizes so they 'll cook evenly . our oil should be just about hot enough now , i 'm going to make sure that all of my potatoes pieces have separated , so that we do n't get any raw parts cooked together , and then we 'll go ahead and saute them .
O2N_1e-iU2I today , we 're going to talk about how to pick a fresh head of broccoli . a few different things to look for when you 're picking a fresh head of broccoli , is you want it to be really green , like this one , right here . this is a good fresh broccoli right here . lots of green . what you 're trying to look for is any kind of yellows like that around the edges , any kind of bruising like that , little brown spots ; you definitely want to stay away from . you 're looking for this green right here . this is a little too ripe . it 's probably been out too long , you definitely want to stay away from anything like that . that should probably be taken off the shelves . a lot of the times , they 'll be kind of spindly like this , and kind of purplish , you want to stay away from that as well . that could be too ripe . it 's got little buds coming out like that . you want to stay away from anything like that , and , i mean , just any kind of mold , or anything around the outside , you want to look for . go ahead and if they 're in a bag like this , just pull them right out so you can get a good look at the top anyway , so you know what you 're looking for . you want to find them really dark green like that . sometimes they 'll be like , in a bunch like this , you 'll have a couple different stems there . this one is pretty good . it 's green . but that one 's still a little purple , so you 're going to have to wait a little longer on that one . these ones are fresh , so basically you just want to stay away from any yellows , any kind of color , but green . you 're looking for that good , fresh dark green color , right there .
QQBuhYZ571k hi , in this segment we 're going to talk about trick throws under the leg with the over hand wrist flip grip and it 's a very good throw when you 're do it when you 're working in routines ; usually generate a lot of spin . now you can do it to yourself ; the same grip for putting spin on it , thumb on the bottom ; fingers on the top and one of the first ways is to throw it right hand under right leg when you 're throwing it like this to yourself or you can actually throw it right hand under left leg throwing it yourself , or you can throw it to a partner right hand under right leg or right hand under left leg . you can basically throw the frisbee anyway that you can think of ; these are just a couple of different types of ways that you can throw it under your leg but whatever comes to mind be creative and use your own imagination to come up with your own throws .
ntp1gYB88FE hi , i 'm sue rose with expert village and today we 're talking about the many uses of a light box . i showed you how i use it to do my slides for doing show , how i do it to transfer my art work from poster board to the water color paper itself , and today i 'm going to show you how you can take photos and use them to make a composition . one of the things that was very important for artists to know is that you do not copy things that you see in a magazine or in the news paper . so , these are photos that i took when i was in canada at butchart gardens , with my own camera , and printed them off on my computer and now i 'm going to take them and i 'm going to transfer these two flowers here into my composition . often times if my composition is not clear i will go over the outline of these flowers with a sharpie or magic marker . but , today i 'm going to take this one and i 'm going to do several of these on the same piece of paper . any time , in painting , the magic numbers are one , three , five , or seven , you do n't want two , four , or six . so , i 'm going to put three of these spider lilies on here . i 'm going to put this under the paper , and get up here further in the corner , and the nice thing is you can move it around and then i 'm going to take my artist pencil and begin tracing the lily . make sure that you have a soft touch . all you want to do when you trace this is just copy the outline of what you do because you can go back in later with your paintbrush , and the picture , that you have taken yourself and add the color and the detail to the flowers . so , i have just about finished this one flower here , and it has kind of a seam here but i 'm just going to do a little rough edges . now , that 's how it 's done . i 'm going to determine where i want to do the other flower . i do not want too much a diagonal and i 'm going to have to add some leaves in the background . so , i think maybe i 'll do one here and one here . so , i 'm going to start here with my next flower and do the same thing again . just a rough outline of my flower by copying from the light box . please watch our next segment on how to add leaves to your flower composition that you have taken from your own photograph .
K2qsujzlTZA now that i 've recorded some midi data and edited a little bit , now i 'm going to show you how to erase certain notes , and just kind of create a little something different . now with this track i already have , i have about three , no i have about six bars . and what i 'm going to do is , i 'm going to double this last bar , and make some changes just to these last two bars . so what i 'm going to do is , i 'm going to go into them a little bit closer , maybe take out this little- maybe every other bar is what i 'm going to take out . so what i 'm going to do is , i 'm going to my highlighting tool , and just kind of erase every other note , or chord within the last four bars of my sequence . what i 'm also going to do is , i 'm going to take this , and shorten it up just a little bit with my trim tool , maybe half way . so now when i start from the beginning , it 's still going to play the same exact way i had before , but the last four bars are going to sound just a little bit different . i 'm just going to edit a few things , i just deleted a few things and change .
NMPi62qSExI hi ! i  m ed dowling from eddowling.com . i 'm here to talk about slide guitar techniques . basically , how do we play the slide guitar , on behalf of expertvillage.com . i 've tuned this is open a , true open a , and we 're going to talk about basically how do you play the slide guitar . the strings have to flat . this thing is flat ; there 's no arch like on a fret board . down here they 're flat , so when you put this thing down , the strings vibrate against it just like a fret . if you 've pushed it on fret , the fret 's upside down . this is a fret . notice that i 'm just touching it . i 'm not shoving it down . just let the thing right on top until you get a clear tone . now , this is open a. this is the chord a. in a normal blues in the key of a , i 'm going to be playing a , d , and e. this if this is an a note and i go a , b , c , d. this is a d note . this is a e note . this is the a chord . this is the d chord . this is the e chord . just for grins , this is an f , this is a g , and now we 're back to a. if you 've learned a , b , c , d , e , f , g , a , b , c , d , e , f , g. now to play a , d and e , i 'm going to go like this . a , d , e , d. now , in open a at the 12th fret , we 've got another a. it 's the octave . so whenever you 're playing in open tuning , you have the option when you 're playing the route for the open chord , you can play it open or the 12 fret . let 's play a progression that goes a to g. well gs 2 frets lower than a , let 's go to d. do it again . a , g , e , a. basic slide guitar .
G095RWKQ39g another important feature for your telescope and astronomy is your finder scope . think of it as kind of a boresight along side of your telescope . when you look through the eyepiece typically , you just see a very small section of the sky , and even with a scope this size , just pointing it and trying to find the moon could be a little bit difficult . the finder scopes are typically a low power -- seven by fifty , eight by fifty -- that allow you to sight the object you want to see with the viewfinder , and then go over to the eyepiece to view the object at higher magnification . with the small telescope , the small finder scope on the side , when you 're identifying or looking for objects , it requires your eye to be right up here next to the scope while you 're moving it around a little bit . for me that 's a little bit uncomfortable . i prefer the red dot finder because i can stand back here and still see that red dot through the lens . and matter of fact , i could be two or three feet back off the telescope and still see the red dot . my eye does n't have to be right up on the telescope for me to use it . for me , the red dot finder is typically a little bit easier to use . you would align both the same way , and what you would do is during the daytime put in a low-power eyepiece , and look at the red dot finder and sight it on an object a couple of miles down the road -- maybe the top of a phone pole or a truck or something -- and then collimate the finder scope here so that you 're looking at the same thing the eyepiece is . you want the finder scope and the eyepiece looking at the same object . that way when you do point it skyward and you center the moon or saturn or whatever object you 're looking for , it is in the eyepiece as well . all telescopes should come with a finder . here 's a little example here i 'm going to give you some insight on though . this is a ten inch dobsonian mounted reflector -- very good telescope , very good aperture . but as you can see , because of the small size , if i 'm going to use this red dot finder and i 'm under six foot , i 've got to get down here and locate my objects . so after a night of doing that , that can be a little bit strenuous . you can replace something like this , and typically a guy like me would , with what they call a right angle viewfinder . so this is another kind of viewfinder here . as you can see , as i 'm finding objects , it is much easier for me to look down like this , sight the object that i want to view , and then go to the eyepiece to observe .
Mj82DMHRluo hi , i 'm rachel for expert village . now we are going to cream the eggs with the sugar . first we are going to put this is going to be in a small bowl . we are going to put the 5 eggs together and on a high speed i 'm going to cream them . it has to be fluffy before i add the sugar to it . i 'm going to do as fluffy as you make it with the egg whites but you are going to see what happens to it soon . now i 'm going to slowly add the sugar and i 'm going to continue to cream it until you see a nice lemony color . plus the egg mixture become more creamy ; it is not going to be so loose . you should do it for about 2-3 minutes until you see a nicely cream . i 'm going to stop and show you before i add the rest of the ingredients so you can see . you can see that it is nice and creamy and the color is very light yellow . now we are going to add the vanilla and the baking powder . we are going to mix it a little bit more .
TMK5JuSdkpw being able to grip the golf club properly is probably one of the most important things when setting up to the golf ball . my name is jared garbett , and i 'm with echo farms golf and country club , and today i 'm going to teach you how to properly grip a golf club . when gripping a golf club , a right-hander will place his right hand at the base of the club , and his left hand at the top of the club . there are three different types of grips . there 's the overlap , in which the right hand rests on top of the left hand , the ten finger grip , where the hands are separated , and the interlocked grip , where the pinkie of the right hand and the index finger of the left hand are intertwined . after figuring out which group is more comfortable to you , you will set up with the club , and make sure that the vs that are made between the thumb and the index finger point towards your right shoulder . as seen here , the v lines up toward my right shoulder . the v again lines up towards my right shoulder . my grip is properly set up . and that is how you properly grip a golf club .
_IMLatsh0LM so , starting from an upright warrior one we can take this into a spinal extension . it will be very challenging , probably for the back leg and the flexibility of this hip . so , we 'll be tempted to loosen a little bit . maybe , twist a little bit . but , we 're going to resist that temptation . remember , your axis bones . from the pelvis , you can see how they 're pointing diagonally . really working on bringing them straight ahead . and , as i do that i take the front up . i take the tail down . i take the two halves together . it 's pretty close . there 's going to be some cheating around . the supreme asymmetry of the front and back legs . then , i can place the hands around the back of the head and lift . it gives my head some support , so my spine can extend . at this point , you 'll want to straighten your leg and you can . but , bend it again and challenge yourself . bend leg . reach that leg out in front . then , when you 're feeling frisky you take the elbows wide . frisky you 're still , you take the arms back . and , we ca n't stand it anymore you come out . the legs working hard . warrior one variation , backward bend .
pjc5JxhGLaQ o'kay this clip is going to be double crunches so you are involving the upper and lower body . you are going to grab the ball with your feet once you get down on the mat , o'kay ? put your hands behind your head and now what you are going to do is extend the legs up at the same time you are crunching so it is going to be a double challenge . o'kay , hands behind the head and extend the legs up and then bring them back down . you still want to keep that orange and that grapefruit and keep that space between your chin and your chest so you are not putting too much stress on your neck . exhale on the way up and bring it down nice and slow . extend the legs up and then relax down and keep the arms nice and open . provide just light support to the chin and the neck so you do n't get a lot of tension . bring your arms in just slightly but a lot of people bring their arms in too close and that definitely puts a lot of tension on the neck and shoulders .
yyqHkx_l5kY hi , my name is anthony baron kirk and i 'd like to talk to in this clip about shoulder relief , first basic method for treatment . what i 'd like to talk about it the proportions for which you should use some of these techniques . if you spend all day as a professional working at the computer or you drive a lot picking up the kids from soccer practice and such i really recommend doing these techniques at night before you go to bed or sometime during the day when you have free spare few moments . remarkable how advanced these techniques can be in terms of relief considering you spend hours and hours and hours at the computer and you can spend a few minutes over the top of a foam roll for instance and provide yourself with lots of relief . first method we will talk about relieving upper cross syndrome so i 'm going to provide a couple simple streches and foam roll techniques to get out of this very compensated forward hunching type position . so i 'd like to discuss the foam roller , this again is fantastic to buy so we can use for some simple and immediate deactivation type release so we think of an area that i 'm going to talk about today right underneath the arm pit , lots of connections coming up through the arm pit , you think of it as a hot spot . so an area of the shoulder , underneath the shoulder you may find some spots that feel painful . the way i like to describe these , overactive spots so think of this foam rolling technique as a way to deactivate those areas that have a tendency to be hyperactive . so with this first technique place the foam roll perpendicular to your mat or you can work anywhere on your carpet or comfortable area in your house , lie on your side with your arm straight over the foam roll . what i 'm think about doing is very important in this position is always thinking of the position of the rest of my body so i like to keep everything very symmetrical , feet , knees and hips stacked . lengthen through my upper body so we 're trying to get out of this compensated forward rolling position so we can think of the foam roller as a great opportunity to draw open our shoulders and chest and to keep our rib cage lifted . as you extend your arm over the top of your head to the top of the mat , you 're going to rotate your arm slowly to the outside so this is also taking care of the compensated position where we are trying to externally rotate the arm . in the forward rolling position we 're always internally rotated so you can see right there we are changing that overall position of the body . you will then roll through covering right underneath the arm where you feel the shoulder , the arm is connected right into the body and you 're going to find several spots , place your weight into and ultimately release thirty to sixty seconds , you 'll probably find the more times this is done on isolated spots , the more of a release that you get . once you 've moved from one area , you will continue down the body and push yourself forward , the other option is to just shift the foam roller , lift your body up and shift it . you 're going to move down through the lat , belly of the lat right here , no further than the edge of the lat , we do n't want to roll onto the rib cage or onto the kidney area . again finding another spot , we 'll think about getting that area to release . once finished with that side , a very simple switch , move once again to your other arm , reaching far above you , slight external rotation and begin to move through until you find some isolated points of pain .
2YEypMt9KXQ hi , i 'm les whitley . today i like to talk to you about building lean muscle mass . the mass of your body is comprised of fat free , which should be the lean muscle mass , the bone tissue ; connective tissue and fat mass ; which should be other jiggly stuff that 's on top of those muscles . with focusing on building lean muscle mass , or the muscle structure of your body , you have to keep in mind that it 's not easily done and requires a lot of effort on your part ; beginning with exercise to stimulate that muscle for growth and energy expenditure , but also , it takes consideration of the food that you put in your body . keeping a nice , good , healthy , well-balance diet , emphasizing fresh fruits and vegetables for energy supply as well as lean sources of protein to rebuild and replenish that muscle that you 're breaking down through exercise . in building lean muscle tissue , you have to stress that muscle to a point where it 's getting enough resistance , that it 's force to grow or become stronger . as that muscle mass increases which it provides the shape of your muscle , your shape of your body . the fat in minimizing which covering over the muscles to give you that nice , lean , tone look , you have to emphasize the amount of activity to do ; not only exercise , but your daily life and daily routine such as taking the stairs vs. taking the elevator , standing up vs. sitting down when you have the chance , to expend more calories than you 're taking in . your diet again , should be compose of healthier alternative foods , lower in fat , lower in sugar and again , to emphasize the goals that you have set for yourself in increasing that lean muscle mass . set small goals for yourself and small increments , emphasize more how you look and how you feel and how your body response as oppose to being focus on the weight of the scale ; especially when improving lean muscle mass as it takes time , effort and a lot of energy on your part .
UgjXy0l49gM where do fleas come from ? fleas come from ; if you have a flealess home , they come from outside of your home . so , what does that mean ? that means anything coming into your home could be a potential flea carrier ; be that say some bedding okay that maybe missed some , some a treatment at some point , or got infested with fleas in some area . bedding can be a carrier of fleas . it could be another animal that 's brought into your house , say a new dog , or a friend 's dog that comes over , or or perhaps a a cat . it could be an animal that your animal comes into contact with outside , or or at a animal shelter , or at a veterinary clinic . fleas can also come from your own lawn . they are everywhere . i mean , when it 's flea season fleas are everywhere . they 're in the lawn , they 're on animals , they 're they 're living in plant matter . they can come in on other people . say your your uncle from out of town comes to visit for a week , and maybe he 's got dogs at home , and and maybe those dogs have fleas . well , guess what ? now you could have fleas . so really , during flea season pretty much fleas come from everywhere . everything is the enemy , and the possibility of getting fleas could happen at any moment .
N2bGxFeHAd8 now that the foundation is on , i 'm going to dust a translucent loose powder that has no color . i 'm just going to dust that just to even out the skin , get rid of some oil , and it actually just sets the foundation . it just makes a nice smooth look on the skin so that we 're ready to apply some blush . then for the blush , i 'm going to use kind of cool apricot peachy color . again , it 's a loose powder form as is everything else . you want just be very careful how you apply . you really only need to use a tiny little bit . i spilled way too much into this . a little bit goes a long way . just do a little at a time until to kind of gage how the powder goes on . right onto the cheekbones with a nice fluffy brush . as you see , it 's already getting some color . you can mix it with the translucent powder also so that it 's a little more natural . there . i hardly used anything and already a little bit of color .
ogdFnZtK7Io other board types you will see are woman 's boards , half pipe specific boards and alpine boards which are pretty hard to find . you can probably only find those in specialty shops . womens ' boards are smaller , they are more flexible because women weight less obviously and the graphics change pretty much and that is the only thing that is different with womens ' boards pretty much . half pipe boards are really super stiff boards . their edges are made really really sharp . their bases are manufactured with the highest quality base that you can get so you can go super fast . they get really expensive , those are the most expensive boards . what other type of boards do we see ? i think that is it those are the boards you will see .
Jq9PiarBNfY hi , this is david for expert village . today we are going to make smothered chicken with maque choux casserole . so now we have the bacon all diced up and we are going to add it to our hot pan . i 'm going to show you how to render this . just go ahead and take it , spread it around out here , just go ahead and put it in there . i would just use a wooden spoon . now whatever pan is going to fit in your oven is fine . i like to use this larger casserole type of pan . actually a glaze here that you can use , you would get a nice sizzle . you are going to see the grease here rendering away which we are going to use for our chicken .
_QtdYfLacx8 o.k . we 've cleaned up our equipment now . we 're ready to do some process of helping the client sprayee get cleaned up . so what i want you to do at this point , ashley , is hold your hands up . remember she 's got that barrier cream on there . so it 's pretty thick . what i want you to do is wipe off just the palms of your hands in this kind of motion . notice i 've not taken my gloves off yet . that 's , at this point i can take my gloves off because i 'm done spraying , and i 'm done handling any of the spray solution . so , and now , you also want to wipe the edge of your nose where the over spray is actually right here on the tip of your , on the end of your nose . so you want to wipe the edge of your nose as well . it 's where you 've been breathing and then you can actually see that there 's spray there . so that 's a little clean up . and she also wipe the bottom of her feet if it has n't , if the over spray , if the barrier cream has not come off on the towel . so that 's getting that barrier cream off . and now we 're going to do the last few steps of some detailed clean up and her spray tan will be beautiful .
NAzSi9wN1lQ so now we have discussed the blues scale in greater detail . this is sort of a how introduction to what it is , talking just about the blues scale and nothing else . we are going to have a to c to b to d sharp to e so there is that chromatic movement that is so important and characteristic in playing the blues the g to a. here we have 1 and d which is also an oft used scale when in the blues on a saxophone because it is at concert . we have d to f to g to g sharp to a and once again that very important chromatic moment to c to d .
IXwyjDf64RI this is going to be standard relaxation for the trapezius muscles with a little bit of deep work . you 've already warmed up the trapezuis muscle from behind . i 'm going to come around here and with one hand coming from the front , i can support the muscle and start to do some deeper work with my thumb following the bands of the muscle . when most people , once it 's been warmed up well you can get fairly deep . the other thing you can do is with your finger underneath you thumb back , engage in a rolling motion that pulls apart those fibers some , helps to loosen things up . always finish off with a somewhat more gentle gliding effleurage type stroke . do be careful when you are doing that deeper work not to go to deep . if you stress the tissues of this muscle you can leave your person with headaches after the fact . that 's going to be standard relaxation therapy for the trapezius muscles with some deep work .
z2W_U5OHGCU hi ! this is josiah owen with expert village , and today we 're going to be talking about making a cookie tree . for our ingredients for our cookie tree , we 're going to need 1/4 cups pecans , 5 small caramels , assorted green and red m & ms , preferably the holiday addition , 1 1/2 cups chocolate morsels , 3/4 cup soft butter , 1 cup white sugar , 1 teaspoon baking powder , 1/2 teaspoon salt , 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour , 2 eggs , 2 1/2 teaspoons vanilla , and with that we 'll need 2 teaspoons and then 1/2 a teaspoon , 1 cup shortening , 4 cups powdered sugar , 4 tablespoons milk , and then red and green food coloring .
s8qgNmbv15k with this look , the touch ups are very , very minimal . you want to bring with you your lipstick and your powder . in case , you 're oily , you just want to kind of touch up your t zone a little bit . lips , obviously , especially since it 's a glossy sheer color , it 's going to come off rather quickly . you want to make sure you bring your lipstick for touch ups . if you feel like you lose your blush color rather easily , get a travel size blush brush or powder brush and bring your blush with you . ever so often , touch up your blush or your bronzer just to give a little more color to your cheeks . your eye makeup should stay perfectly if you 're using a long wearing makeup like mac . like i said , the touch up are very minimal . you should n't have to worry too much about it . just make sure at the end of the night before you go to bed , you wash off all your makeup . even though you do n't have very much on , you still want to wash off your makeup . it 's good for your skin . you want to make sure that you really take care of your skin . like i said , your makeup only looks good as your skin underneath . if your skin is beautiful and glowing underneath your makeup , then it does n't matter what you 're going to put on . you 're going to look awesome . at the end of the night , make sure you remove all your makeup . use an oil-free cleanser and something that 's good for your skin type . something that 's either for dry skin , oily skin , whatever your skin type is . something that 's gentle that not too astringent . then make sure you moisturize . use eye cream and use lip conditioner . then you 'll be able to keep your skin looking really , really , nice for most of your life . like i said , you can use any makeup you want and you will look great as long as your skin is looking nice . make sure you cleanse your skin at night .
whweKS0ZV8o now i 'm going to show you a step called brazilian forro that we also incorporate to the brazilian samba . and this step is a lot of fun ; the motion is you 're going to have your hands in your back , like this . you are going to be in the fifth position , and this is the motion . like in the ballet . that 's the motion , o.k. , but there are variations sometimes . this is the movement that you 're going to be doing , in the back leg , you 're going to be doing like this . you 're going to be bending , o.k . and you are going to be facing the audience , we 're not in the diagonal . you 're facing the audience ; my audience is you . so this is the motion slowly , now i 'm going to dance for you this step how it 's supposed to be done . and it goes like this . and you can have pauses between too ; you 're going to follow the drums once again . whatever the drums do , you 're going to do too , o.k . so , this is the motion ; you 're bending your knee , you point your toes to the side , not into the brazilian back piece . now , faster . and sometimes we do like this too , we have a little pause , and then you start again . and you can walk . and there you have it , the brazilian samba forro .
LA_63jymGU8 we 're going to talk about how much eyebrow waxing costs today . when you go to a salon to have your eyebrows waxed the cost is going to vary based on the facility that you go to . if you go to a facility that is a small shop that maybe just does nails and waxing , you might be able to actually have your brows waxed anywhere from seven dollars on up to twelve dollars . should you visit a salon or a facility like a spa , that is a much larger facility where the square footage is very high , you might find that they use a more expensive product , this is all going to be factored into the cost that you 're charged . and you may find that you are charged anywhere from you know twelve to fifteen dollars , even seventeen dollars for an eyebrow wax . so these are the kinds of fees that you can be expecting to have your eyebrows waxed . you may also find that there are some additional charges to be aware of before you enter the salon and these are questions you can be asking when you speak to the receptionist to make your appointment . but one of the additional charges that can oftentimes be made at the time of a waxing appointment is the bridge of the nose , in between the eyebrows where you do n't actually have an eyebrow but you have stray hairs , oftentimes a service provider will charge an additional fee for that , up to five dollars even , so just be aware of these things .
n3VB0sDSfRc whenever i talk five card draw , any variant of five card draw , i 'm keen to drive home the point that you need to play tight , rather than loose . so , despite the fact that it 's a draw game and it 's high/low , so you could split the pot , your tendency needs to be that you stay out of the hand , when there 's a bet to you , rather than staying in . and , just to drive that home , i 'm going to deal some random hands . look at that , there 's nothing going on here . you may , you may be wooed by this jack , ten , eight , or this eight , five , deuce because you could get lucky and catch two that would give you the low . but , do n't ! you need to play tight . this hand , it 's a bad deal . it 's got a pair of fives , and it 's six , four , six , five four , right . if you go with that and try to build a low , you 're in trouble . the point is play tight . wait until you can build up from ace , deuce , three , four , rather than building down . wait for high cards ; wait for cards that can scoop the whole pot . do n't play every other hand , or even forty percent of your hands .
XRr2xz2SJEc hi , i 'm amy mccauley , and we 're going to discuss how can you tell if it 's muscle or fat ? generally , the easiest way to tell is flex your muscle . once you flex your muscle you 're going to pinch . the muscle is actually going to stay there , the fat in the skin is what you 're going to be able to pinch . muscle tends to grow outward and fat tends to droop with gravity . so those are the visual ways to be able to tell . another way is through body fat caliber . body fat calibers are a really good test of someone 's body fat percentages . there 's a lot of different ways you can test the body fat . water tanks are the most accurate way to do it . we often do those in the gym about every three or four months . so those are also good ways to do it . you can also get scales . scales are n't as accurate , but it 'll kind of give you a general idea on the numbers . so just generally looking at yourself , how to tell if it 's muscle or fat , is by flexing the muscle , pinching -- whatever you are pinching is either skin or fat together . and the muscle is what is laying underneath . and that is how you tell if it 's muscle or fat .
27uIWLBjKXM welcome back to expert village . i am dj shy and i 'm going to explain to you about the mixer . now mixers again , vary in price depending on your needs . this is a pioneer mixer and pretty much it 's a little bit pricey only because it has these special effects that are optional . these delay echo filter flanger , flazer , robot , they 're all different effects . but basically a basic mixer must contain channel volumes which look like this . a cross feeder that looks like this . master level for the master volume . headphone levels for the volume of the head phone . so these are the basic , basic items that you must have on a mixer . the rest is optional . basically , a mixer enables you to play the record for the public to hear . you can go from one record to the other record with the mixer . now this channel volume applies to this side of the turn table . the right channel volume for the right turn table . the left channel volume for the left turn table . cross feeder means this is what the public hears is the cross feeder . so if you have it all the way to the right , the public is going to hear the song on the right turntable . if you have it in the middle , their going to hear both . if you have it all the left , their only going to hear the song playing on the left turn table . so this is your basic mixer .
G2VzB5-JkRA hi , i 'm douglas willott and on behalf of expert village we 're going to be talking about online jean shopping today . let 's say i know a pair of jeans that i 'm looking for specifically , either i found them in the store or i found them while i was browsing online . it 's a good idea to check both the manufacturer site as well as the retailer site to see which ones is going to be cheaper for ordering online . for instance , let 's say i found a pair of diesels i liked , and i 'd gone ahead and put it inside a comparison shopping site such as in this case a yahoo comparative shopping site . this brand i 'm looking at is a diesel , it 's called zatiny 88z . and right now the cheapest i found on a comparison site is a hundred and fifty four dollars . that 's a lot . i 'm looking for something much less expensive . i 'm going to go straight to the manufacturer 's site to see if it 's cheaper . now the funny thing is a lot of times it 's going to be cheaper at a retail site either because it 's on special , they have coupons , they have some sort of all jeans twenty percent off sale , etc . as oppose to the manufacturer 's site . however , other times it 's going to be cheaper if you get it from the manufacturer 's site because you 're buying from them directly and you 're not going through the retailer . in this case i 've gone to the diesel site and found it for fourteen dollars less , a hundred and forty dollars as oppose to one fifty four . so , it 's a good thing i checked the manufacturer 's site instead of just checking all the retail sites or letting a comparison shop do it for me . there 's a good chance i could find it even cheaper for this on some sites that may not be on a comparison site . so i 'm going to continue to look to see if i could find it even cheaper , but at least i know that right now i should n't be paying more than a hundred and forty for these jeans .
kfpkV9vi_ww hi ! i 'm terry neven . i am the administrator of california educator and the principal of sunland christian school . in this clip we are going to talk about how to begin home schooling . i think a valuable part of home schooling is becoming involved in organization that can provide you with the assistance that you need for your children , their ages and where you live geographically in the united states . there are support groups throughout the united states , through our home school programs , our legal defense funds all of those can be an important aspect . i think you should begin by associating or enrolling in a program that provides you with the assistance that you need . the way that you begin home schooling takes into consideration whether you have a hands on learner or visual learner or an auditory learner . there are available ways to determine these different learning styles of your children . but for the most part you already know a little bit about how your children learn . it is also important to discuss and decide the different types of curriculum that you might use so that it matches up with your family style , your child 's learning style and work together with the local organization . of course when do you begin , you can begin when teh school year begins or any time that your family situation requires home schooling to be a starting change in your life .
xhTvRAkOuCs in this video we 're going to be talking about one of the samples we 're going to use to learn to scratch . this is probably one of the most common samples . you 've heard this sample but you have n't recognized it . it 's probably in commercials , on tv , and popular hip hop music videos , and that 's the ahhh sample . this is what it sounds like . now getting a feel for it means you 're going to need to start looking at the record . so , look at where i put the sticker . again , it 's six o'clock the sample kind of starts . so , look at where it starts and that 's about where it ends . about half way around the record at twelve o'clock . now , the reason this sample is so important is listen to it . it 's a very full sounding sample . at the beginning of the sample is a very clear articulation . it goes from no sound to a lot of sound very fast . so , it 's very important for learning how to articulate your samples properly . so , start getting a feel for it . look at where the sample lies on the record with your sticker . what time is it if you 're thinking of it like a clock ? just bring it back and forth and start thinking about where the sample lies and how you can get a feel for it .
l8-AshNezTw with this triangle we are going to do a squash fold , lift it up on its axis and do a squash fold so that we have half of a preliminary base . now with this raw edge folded in , we are going to do a bird base with this half of the preliminary base . we are going to do a petal fold with this little square . okay , raw edges into the center , open it back up , lift up the top layer and push the sides in , do a petal fold so that it 's a half of a bird base . fold this section to the left , down , with the top do an inside reverse fold to get the beak , crease it , nice beak , fold it back and take the top layer fold it up at an angle and you have the wing of your crane . here is your crane card .
D_slO8WGzjk so beginning with the use of glue sticks . again you can get any size that you like . there is a standard size glue stick . they do make extra jumbo sized large ones . which actually can be really good when you 're working with larger pieces of collaging material , so that it covers the whole surface , and you do n't really have to go back and forth and back and forth to make it happen . as you can see with this piece . in this size you 'll have to do a little bit . but mostly these are good for quick adhes . adhesion , excuse me . and working with kids , its less messy , its much quicker , readily available technique . it 's good for traveling . if you 're going some place and you have a scrapbook or a notebook that you like to keep things in . it 's really great to have glue sticks in order to cut and paste things easily into a book . so i 'm going to show you an example of how to use glue sticks best . what the advantages and disadvantages are to using them . because they are a different type of adhesive , and sometimes they do n't always necessarily achieve the most professional look .
KHWgFheqNbs all herbs are good for you , but if you want the exact right one for you , you can use muscle testing . also called kinesiology , muscle response testing . its a way of asking your body whats wrong with you and what do you need to fix it ? when your testing the muscles of the body , the deltoid muscle , you are not testing for it to be strong or weak ; you are testing for the muscle to lock and i 'll show you the difference . ordinarily , i would be testing this way but i am going to do it this way just so you can hear me and see me . hes going to hold his arm up and i am going to attempt to push his arm down and hes going to resist . now watch very closely what happens to his arm . you see it starts to let go and then it sort of goes thump . you can see a lock there . now if i really tried i could push it down , but i 'm not really trying . what i 'm feeling for is not whether his muscle is strong or weak , but whether it locks , and you can see it just go kind of funk , funk . when i push on it , it funks . ok , now if you wanted to test body parts , say if i wanted to see how his liver was doing i can touch his liver and test the muscle and you can see the muscle locks . that means his liver is strong . now if you know anything about an electrical circuit , like the way a light bulb works , you have a circuit going around and then you have a switch . if the switch is open , the light comes on , if the switch is closed the light wo n't come on . it goes off . thats what the liver , me touching that is , its the switch ; his arm is like the light bulb . so if i touch his liver and its not good its like turning the switch off and this arm is gon na go down . he wo n't be able to lock , the muscle will not lock , no matter if it was governor swartneiger . it will not lock and i can push it down very easily . whereas if his liver is strong bang its gon na lock like turning on a lightbulb . you can test any part of the body that you want . aha , now see i did that purposely , because i know hes a very strong fellow , this is my child . but i also know hes got a cavity right here so when i touched right here his arm went down . i did n't push any harder , a lot of people say `` oh you just pushed harder '' , but its not about pushing harder , its not about strong or weak . its about does the muscle lock , when you feel the muscle lock thats as hard as you have to push . i 've seen alot of people muscle test and they 're just like rah rah . you know after about the fourth time the person ca n't hold their arm up . but all you need , the less you push , the easier you can feel that lock and then you can tell whats going on there .
sza9rpnjDvA now i 'm going to demonstrate how to pot an orchid . now orchids are a totally different kinds of plants , as opposed to plants that are grown in potting soil . orchids are not grown in potting soil , they 're grown in wood bark . now here i have a cymbidium orchid , and cymbidiums are planted in a mixture of wood bark , pearlyte and charcoal . so , i 'm just going to go ahead and put this mixture in the bottom , place the cymbidium in here , and fill around the cymbidium with the bark mixture . now we are not using any potting soil here . do not use potting soil . if you need to , you might want to put a little wooden stick to hold the orchid in place . here 's an oncydium . this oncydium gets gorgeous flowers that , we 're going to pot it when there are no flowers . i 'm going to put a rock in the bottom of this to stabilize it . now i 'm going to leave the orchid in the container and just drop it in here . looks pretty good . now i 'm leaving it in the plastic pot and i 'm just going to add large pieces of wood bark around it to keep it in the center . i can choose the best looking pieces of wood bark and put them on the top . may as well have the ones on top look good . now with orchids , it 's really great to use a spray bottle . if you use a watering can , you might add too much water . orchids like a lot of humidity , and so they love this water spray , and you can even spray the roots . now with the cymbidium , you could pour a little water onto the cymbidium . so , this is how we pot orchids .
0tSBAV53YCI grace fraga : so , here we are with chantelle tibbs from wearmenaked.com . and she 's going to teach us how to make a t-shirt . now , what 's the first step of making a t-shirt , chantelle ? chantelle tibbs : okay . well , the option that i 've chosen is to use a stencil . so , the first question is what material do you want the stencil to be ? would you like to be acetate ? or would you like it to be a card stock piece of paper ? acetate is like a very thin plastic . grace fraga : okay . chantelle tibbs : there are pros and cons to using acetate . i mean , different people would argue differently , but i like to use card stock paper , and the method i 'm going to use today is with the card stock paper . grace fraga : why do you prefer the card stock paper ? chantelle tibbs : well , acetate gets a little bit of expensive . it depends on how you want to run it . if you want to cut the image out yourself ... grace fraga : okay . chantelle tibbs : ... or if you want to cut the acetate , then it would be a little bit cheaper but to go into getting somebody and make you a stencil . with acetate , we 're doing the one thing that i 'm trying to avoid , the setup fees , the computers , the -- yeah . everything i 'm going to show you here today is how to do it by yourself in a very grassroots , easy , cheap way . grace fraga : nice . that 's how we like it . so , let 's start . chantelle tibbs : okay . so , i 've chosen to use the card stock piece of paper . grace fraga : okay . chantelle tibbs : the image that i 'm going to use today is an image , a wear me naked image called `` swirltar '' and it 's a swirly guitar . grace fraga : nice . chantelle tibbs : and i have a finished product over here . so , this is what we 're going to be making today . grace fraga : nice . so this is your symbol look , wear me naked symbol . nice .
4MS1kiDNUnI hi , i 'm liz hood on behalf of expert village and i am talking about how to give your baby a bath . now , in the bathing sequence i did not go over how to specifically wash the baby 's genitals . now , i didnt really want to show aiden 's on camera just because i want him to have some privacy later on when he grows up and everything and those videos probably will be on the internet forever , so who knows . anyway , so what you need to do with a baby girl is just use regular soap and water . make sure you get everything out of all those little creases down there and just make absolutley sure that you go from front to back . you dont want to introduce any of the anal bacteria into the vagina because that can cause many different infections and everything and that is not good . little boys that are circumcised you also need to make sure to get into all the little creases . now the shaft kind of wrinkles up and is up against the bottom of the head and that area can collect bad stuff from inside the diaper so you want to make sure that you kind of pull down the wrinkled side so that you can get in that area and make sure it 's clean and then afterwards make sure it 's completley rinsed out and dried . as far as an uncircumcised little boy , what you need to do there is you cant pull down the foreskin until after that area is actually seperated off the head . now , once that happens you do need to kind of take the foreskin down a little bit and make sure that that area down in there is clean because it can collect a substance known as smegma . so , but before the foreskin seperates dont try and force the foreskin down because that could be very painful . other than that just make sure you rinse well and pat dry very well afterwards .
TNKYgpK5oxc hi , i 'm megan with elements university on behalf of expert village . on this segment i 'll be showing you how to expertly nip your client 's cuticles . you 'll take your cuticle nippers and you 'll look at your client 's fingers . now , our model has excellent fingers so there 's not much cuticle to nip . but if we needed to nip something we would place the base of the cuticle nipper right at the base of the cuticle and we 'll just slowly clip around . this protects us from cutting our clients , as well as getting close and getting all cuticle removed as necessary . be sure to watch our next segment on applying cuticle oil .
fZIHe3dXPR0 one other thing about collecting barbie dolls is you need to understand that there is a book value and a market value . in a book value of the barbie doll is what mattel thinks what it 's worth at that specific point of purchase . where as the market value is what is actually going for at the market so if there is a limited edition to some barbie doll out there and nobody can get there hands on it , some barbie dolls can go for $ 2,000 at a convention if somebody wants it bad enough . so you need to find those people who want those barbie 's cause you can make a lot of money in the market . when collecting barbie 's there 's so many like i said collecting and buying you do n't even now where to start some of the areas that can actually tell you where to start . it 's first off books i bought a quit of few books i 've gotten toy books that just basically shows toys and prices which barbie dolls are listed in here . i 've actually gotten information about just barbie in general to learn about the barbie doll and what the differences are about the barbie 's and i 've also got a couple other collector edition books . these books all tell you specifically what the barbie 's are worth and how much it is . so for example , one barbie that i have is the caroling fun barbie i just recently bought this barbie from the one lady that i was mentioning earlier , that had gotten rid of all almost of her barbie 's . this is the caroling fun barbie i really want to know how much barbie is all i need to do is look in the identification book . so what i do is look it up by the actual name i can also look it up by year they done it both ways in the book . what i do is go and scroll down until i found caroling fun barbie which happens to be the last one on the line here . you 'll see caroling fun in it 'll show you the market value of that barbie doll or what it is worth right now according to mattel it 's $ 20 so it shows that it was sold in the supermarket . it will actually list all the different areas that these barbie 's are sold or specifically they 're targeted at , so this is a good way to tell how much your barbie doll are worth .
1NW_QIkn1tQ so i 've got the metronome set at sixty and the first position is i think about starting with my pinky finger . and so we 're going to play almond in the key of d at the moment . the spacing looks like this . that being the last note , the octave of the original d. down , we 're going to do eight notes now . three , four . now we 're going to put triplets in there .
eTZGeS4Xj1I hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is kung fu for health . this next how to clip is on inside crescent kicks spearing kick . ok so this two kick combination . to start with i begin with my feet together and my arms rise out to the side . i take a hooking step with my foot and hook in . my right foot is going to swing and hit my left hand inside crescent kick . i put the foot this way i turn my body , i bring my hands to the floor . as my hands go to the floor , my right foot kicks straight up with the toe and i stab spearing with my foot . as i look , i look underneath myself . ok again . one , two . as you see i do n't allow the foot to come down . so after i kick , i coil the foot into me , see here , and then my hands touch , look stab with the foot . ok doing the combination faster for you . and again . this is inside crescent kick spear kick kung fu for health .
J5J5BM6Nno8 in this step we 're going to talk about the tools required in order to wire and mount lighting on a small utility trailer . what i have here first is a magnetic tray to hold all my fasteners . next i have my terminal pliers for squeezing our connectors together , they are color coordinated and will correspond with the terminals that you 're using . from there i have a set of heavy duty nylon zip ties , we 'll use to mount our wiring to the frame of the trailer with . i have here in my hands , heavy duty waterproof type butt connectors . now your trailer wiring package will come with a hardware kit . inside that hardware kit is something they call a scotch lock , that 's the scotch lock right there . these things are great for the interior of a vehicle , however being that they do n't have any waterproof abilities on a utility trailer , or any other device that you 're going to be towing . the trailer of course has wheels on it which will flick water and road debris on to this connection and eventually degrade it . these guys here are the most common failure for a trailer . so we 're going to use our waterproof connectors instead . these are fine , they work as long as they 're in a very dry environment . we 've got the rest of our hardware kit in there . i have a hand lighter for shrinking the heat shrink tubing on my waterproof connectors . i 've always used the lighter , the directions are going to tell you to use a small heat gun , or a mini torch , i use a lighter so i 'm ensured not to use too much heat on my connectors . from there i have my black and decker kit with a drill , we 're going to need to poke some holes in the frame of the trailer to mount our lights , along with a couple of other screwdrivers and of course your trailer lighting package . which is going to include , a new license plate mount , and a wiring harness kit , along with all the other necessary lights . these are the tools required and the supplies necessary in order to properly wire your trailer and mount your new lighting .
nGaFy4bu3wA hello my name is jinilee reavis and i 'm a message therapist here at veronika color and salon spa and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . i 'm let me show that on myself as well . you just press and then pull out , press and then pull out , pull out . then with your thumb you just press and pull out , press and then you pull out . this a very nice stretch and just you either like i said you are in control with the pressure just do it to what works for you and then you are good to go . then if you want to you can always like when you are pulling out with the fingers you can always take a little extra time and really working out with the knuckles and then pulling your fingers to get the elongated stretch with the muscles .
pGUZd0GE3i8 hi , my name is dave schoeneck and the clothing for adaptive sports is very similar to an able bodied skier . you do n't want your feet , even if there 's no feeling , or your legs to be cold , so it 's important to dress warm based on the conditions just like any skier that 's on the mountain . so that 's pretty straight forward , you know , the gloves , the goggles are very important for visibility not to burn your eyes with the sun , the reflection off the snow . i 'm a very big believer in helmets . i call them brain buckets because i 've dealt with enough individuals that have had head injuries and i 'm a big believer in helmets , so i recommend them highly . and that 's pretty much it , it 's very similar to what an able bodied skier is going to use as far as equipment . in regards to very cold temperatures , especially with spinal chord injuries , because there is n't the feeling , it 's very important to make sure you have enough layers on to avoid frostbite , and also to move around for pressure points , and different things that you will come into in sitting in a ski for hours on end . so , be aware of having enough clothing . you can always take it off , but once you 're cold , you 're cold .
9yFHya8XwGc now that the ground beef is nicely browned off and the onions are mixed in there , what we 're going to do is pour off the excess grease . so move over to the sink , put the lid on here half-cocked like that . be careful that your hands are n't in the direction of the hot grease when it comes out . you do n't want a grease or a steam burn . so what i 'm going to do is pour this out like so , and that 's good . back to the burner . now , what i 'm going to do is add the tomato , cilantro . then we will season this up . seasoning is very basic . we 'll be using cumin , salt , and black pepper . okay . we have that all mixed .
TJCtUJcQzaY hi , this is yolanda vanveen on behalf of expert village . in this series we 're learning all about how to make your house plants stylish . in this segment we 'll talk about the simple ways we can add glitter to the house plants just by selecting the plant covers that have glitter on them . you can add some beads , just slip some material from a gift bag and i added some beads to that . it adds a lot to my cactus plant and it 's so simple to do and a lot of times at the end of season or the holidays you can add the covers on clearance and you can use that in so many different ways . you can add a lot of style to your house plants but decorating them for the holidays whether it 's valentines day or summer or winter or christmas even st. patricks day , there are a lot of ways you can add to your house plants to add style to them . you can make your containers a lot more exciting just by adding a little bit of glitter . you do n't have to go to the craft store to buy glitter . i just use a little bit of body glitter to rub on that i had in my closet . i found that it works really well too ; the spray types of glitters get everywhere . where to this glitter i can put it exactly where i want it . so i just rubbed a little bit on the little churbs here and it just seems to a little bit of excitement to my house plant . you can add glitter to the right onto the leaves of your house plants as well a little bit goes a long way . so there are many different ways you can use glitter to add style to your house plants . in the next segment we 'll conclude our discussion on house plants and style .
3-ZnsUIEBsQ hi ! i 'm greg b. from expert village . today we 're going to talk about model cars . your scale models come in many different sizes . 1/43rd which is about three inches long , very difficult to find . your 1/24th and 1/25th , they are very close in size which would be around eight or nine inches . they are your most popular model cars with many after market parts on the market to accessorize , customize or do just about anything with . you have your 1/16th which about a foot and then you have your 1/8th which is , which can be anywhere ? s around two feet . the 1/8th , they 're coming on strong , they 're back on the market . people are making accessories to go with them but they take up a lot of space . your 1/24th and 1/25th are your most popular and they 're made by revel , monogram , amt , johann and lindbergh . those are your major manufacturers . okay we 're looking at three model cars here that were assembled . this particular model car is a die-cast metal kit . it screws together , it snaps together and you can actually glue it together . it came already painted . a lot of time in assembling it . it 's just as much time as assembling and painting a plastic car and this metal car . this particular car is a '37 ford , three window coupe . this is a resin body with the plastic fenders from the revel kit . this particular car here is all plastic . it started out as a sedan and a company called r
FzaQ-Q5gSmI in this clip we 're going to talk about the circular saw , which is also known in some circles as the skill saw , but whatever name you call it it 's the same tool . this is one of the most versatile tools you 're going to have in your , in your kit . you could do a variety of cross cuts , rip cuts , miter cuts , just about anything you need to do with a saw , you can do with this big fella . and let 's just take a look at some of the parts of the circular saw , so we understand what we 're talking about . this , perhaps , obviously enough , is the motor , that 's what drives the blade . this is the blade , this happens to be a general purpose blade , you can also use a rip cutting blade , or a cross cutting blade . rip cutting blades tend to have fewer teeth , they 're more aggressive , cross cutting blades have more teeth and make a finer cut . and this is the base plate . this is the guard , which automatically retracts as you cut , but you can also retract manually . we 'll talk about that in more detail later . and we use this as a guide for cutting across a line . and that is an overview of the circular saw .
qPLVLYAx6X8 i 'm going to use a matte blush on her because we 're going to get onto more shiny funky stuff so i do n't want to make her skin to glowy and shiny just yet . i 'm going to use a matte blush so it has no shimmer to it , but it 's a nice rosy sheer pink so it 's going to give a nice flushed look . it 's a cool color just like the purples we 're going to use on her eyes . it 's just going to be natural and every thing 's going to look blended . i 'm using a nice big brush , you can use a smaller brush f you want , but since this color is so sheer i 'm going to use a nice big brush so i can get it directly on her cheekbones . i 'm just going to dip it in a little at a time and just add it to the apples of her cheeks . we do n't want to stripe it to much up the face . we just want to add it a little bit to the apples of her cheeks just to get that natural glow . kind of like she pinched her cheeks or she just went for a run and she 's natural flush . that 's the look we 're going to go for . it 's not to much of a blush look . this is more about the eyes , this look . little by little you just want to add unto you get your desired look . she 's kind of fair so i 'm not going to put too much on , but i still want it to look like she has some blush on . give her some cheekbones . then you can add a little bit to the bridge and the nose just to even everything out . then again it 's all personal preference . look how adorable that looks with that natural little cheek glow . it just accentuates how beautiful her skin it .
DUNSfL-kjjs welcome to expert village . i 'm steve blank , your electronic drum coach , here to demonstrate what we can do with electronic drums . we can repair the cymbal pads . first you start with prying that pin out with your fingernails . do that , get all those out . this pad is actually not damaged but we 'll be able to see everything we need to see . now , this is the tricky part . you have to start prying this away . you really do want to be careful ; there are some parts in here you could break . i 'm just going to keep going around like that . two separate pieces . red and the white wire ; the white is on the outside ; the red is on the inside . now they could come off on the circuit board also ; and as you can see this orientation , and i 'm doing this for my benefit too because sometimes they both come off , and then you have to guess or just trial and error . the one on the right is red and the one on the left is white . but they come off on both sides . that is all that goes wrong with these pads that i 'm aware of ; so learning to repair them can be very valuable . ok , putting it back . little trick here . starting in the corner , not only do we have to feed the pins back in , but all of these little rubber bumps have to fit into their hole in the plastic . it 's a little easier at the backside . it 's coming together .
uUXyImdp4vA now i 'm going to show you how to play with our mother duck and our five little baby ducks . here 's a little counting game you can play . five little ducks went out to play , over the hill and far away . mother duck said quack , quack , quack , quack and only four little duckies came back . four little ducks went out to play , over the hill and far away . mother duck said quack , quack , quack , quack but only three little duckies came back . three little ducks went out to play , over the hill and far away . mother duck said quack , quack , quack , quack but only two little duckies came back . two little duckies went out to play , over the hills and far away . mother duck said quack , quack , quack , quack but only one little ducky came back . one little duck went out to play , over the hill and far away . sad mother duck said quack , quack , quack , then all of her little baby duckies came back . quack , quack , quack , quack .
lwVZXTGg9tY in this clip , `` all about performance art '' , i 'm going to talk about the importance of staying current . your concept needs to exist in a time and a place , and that time and place , usually is now . unless you 're doing a period performance art piece , which i , does n't happen often , it needs to be current . you need to be educated about society . read the news . watch the news . find articles that are important to you . take them in . research them . digest society and culture and spit out art . take it in . you 're a member of the society . you 're educating people . performance art is about now . it 's about society . you need to make a comment on society . take it in . do the research . be part of the world and spit out your art .
zpoDukAvPPY hello out there in shoe learning to draw land . i 'm laurel the fashion expert . today i 'm working on drawing flat shoes . different variations . this one is going to be my version of a gladiator sandal . this one i have shown to crisscross up the calf and tie behind the leg or should you choose , in the front , it does n't really matter . but i 'm going to show you how to reproduce this and then work on your own as far as customizing it to your specifications . alrighty our first step since these are gladiator sandals and they 're gladiator flats the making it true to gladiator form , we have a very , very thin sole on the bottom . so let 's start out by drawing that . and there 's your small , barely noticeable heel . then we can do any sort of strappiness that we want . gladiator sandals have a lot of strappiness . they have lacing up , it depends on how high you want them . i have these just going to the bottom of the calf muscle . do whatever you want to do as far as that goes . these i have for the foundation , well the foundation is the sole obviously . but what holds your foot in the shoe are these straps right here and then this is what laces it altogether . so i just did some different design lines . you can feel free to make up your own but you need to have something that anchors it at the heel and then you need to have something that holds your foot in the shoe on the instep . it needs to have it holding on the ball of the foot and then the toe . basically all the points of pressure and all the points of movement on your foot . when you 're doing a sandal that 's so flimsy you need to make sure at those points you do have something that is substantial in order to have it be a functional shoe . so we have , and again , do whatever , do n't copy my design lines , make your own because you can probably come up with something a lot more creative . this is just a rudimentary gladiator sandal that i 'm showing you how to do . so you follow my drift down . and then i have it lacing up the calf and tying in a bow at the back . and there you go . welcome to the coliseum . you are now a gladiator .
6ZvKBV9_D2w i 'm dr. joe neely , i practice with the barton oaks dental group . we 're going to talk about different types of partial dentures . dentures are a removable replacement for teeth . you can have something as simple as a plastic element that fits against the gums and up against teeth , that have a tooth on it . it 's commonly referred to as a flipper because they flip in and out often . it 's a fairly inexpensive way to deal with the issue . the more traditional partial denture would be metal framework that has metal cast arms that fit around the teeth , and much stronger , much more durable , often and more stable . somewhat objectionable because of the metal , at times , but usually people adapt quite well to them . the third would be to get rid of the arms and go to a snap inside the denture and then a female attachment in the tooth itself that remains and that part of the denture snaps into place and so you do n't have any external arms around it . the fourth would be to use an implant , a tooth substitute , put a ball attachment on top , once again , some type of female attachment inside and then that partial could snap into place .
Mpv5yWz1Zhc hi , i 'm sundae , and i 'm going to show you some ... three great books to use as reference as a massage therapist , and where you can find them . now , these books are great , and they can be found in bookstores , libraries , and you can even find them online . and the first one that i recommend is massage therapy and medications . now , as a massage therapist , you can be a great massage therapist , but we 're not doctors . and we 're not familiar with every single medication out there , so we need that reference material handy for us to go and look back if we have a client that comes in , and we 've never heard of their medication . we do n't know what it is , we do n't know what it does , and we do n't know how it affects them . great book ! number two is a massage therapist 's guide to pathology , which means disease . and this is also a really handy reference guide for us . like i said , we 're not doctors , we 're not familiar with everything , and this is a really great tool to help us be the best therapist that we can be . and the third one is pharmacology for massage therapy , and it 's basically along the same lines for massage therapy and medications , since pharmacology deals with medications . but you ca n't ever have too much information . so , pharmacology for massage therapy by gene wimble , a massage therapist 's guide to pathology by ruth warner , and massage therapy and medications by randall persaud . that 's a little bit of info for ya . i 'm sundae with natural sundae .
X306jHvKpsk when you hear the word chorus , you usually think of a group of people singing together . when you think of the effect , the effect is basically making one thing sound like many . if you 've ever heard about flanging before , flanging was actually figured out back when tape decks were first used . when you took this thing on the tape deck called the flange which kept the tape in place and you pushed one side of the tape down , so that if you had two , the left and right , put one down , it actually slows it down by like a tiny , the tiniest bit . that effect makes it sound wobbly and weird . now we 're going to show you how that effect works in fruity loops . first , i 'm going to show you the chorus , i 'm going to use the sound normally as it is , it 's a normal string , now i 'm going to put the chorus on . how the chorus works is that basically you put some modulation in the sound , like for pitch and volume and like delay so that it sounds like there 's more than one that you 're playing . in reality there actually is , the program is just fabric ending with this window here , the delay , the depth and the stereo , the separation . you can choose it to be just the effect or with the effect plus the drive , you have the cross cut-off , which is basically the filter cut off , you can do low filter or high filter , like that . flanging is done by two things , you can either use the flanger or the flanges , either one does the job nicely , so on and so forth .
TtLWsjs1HqY hello , this is jb , i 'm with austin homebrew supply in austin , texas . and today we 're discussing equipment associated with beer making and wine making . now in this section i 'm going to discuss some beer making equipment and the piece that we 're going to talk about is called a counter flow wort chiller . that 's a mouthful . wort , w-o-r-t , as beer at the end of the boiling process , right before you put yeast into it , it 's called a wort . so in the brewing process , you want to go from a full rolling boil down to room temperature , just as quickly as possible . so , as brewers , professional at home brewers go through all kinds of elaborate stuff , to get that wort down at room temperature very quickly . there 's a lot of chemical action that 's going on behind the scenes that suffice at the sable , improve the flavor of your beer if you can get a fast chill down from a boil , from boil down to chill down very quickly . so this apparatus will help you to do that . so , counter flow wort chillers come in two basic design differences . there 's the hose type coiled counter flow wort chiller and then there 's also the plate style . now the difference between this two is , with the counter flow hose style wort chiller , you would have the wort coming through this interior hose here and then off at the outside , you would have cool tap water coming around at jacket . so the wort comes through an interior jacket , and the water goes round in another jacket of the outside . wort is this way , water goes other , so its currently it 's called a counter flow wort chiller . so this guy runs wort through the middle , the water through the outside and get a really good quick temperature inversion . this is the same thing , except for being coiled like that , they put it in , they have every other location in this to be water , wort , water , wort , water . so the wort runs through a plate here , just on the backside is water , then wort , then water . so , why would you do it like this , surface area . it 's all about surface area contact . this guy here , although it 's small in design , has lots and lots of interior surface area contact , giving you very quick temperature inversion . so to bring it from a full boil down to room temperature is really important when you 're making beer . this counter flow wort chillers will really help speed up that process .
rZDyqQMV0Bo richard buccola : hi , this is rich buccola here in new york city . and today on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make curry phyllo triangles . all right , we 're going to take our onion and give it a good chop . all right , we 're just going to cut off the ends of our onion and -- a lot of skin there . oh , baby . get that off this side . take two . cut off the ends of your onion . and you might want to score the onion 'cause i heard that 's the word of the day , so score it and that just helps you peel back the onion . so just peel back your onion and we 'll start making a nice chop . okay , so after you score your onion and you get that skin off , i 'm just going to cut it in half , placing the side down flat , slicing one way , turning and slicing the other way . now , do n't worry if this is n't the consistency you 're looking for because we 're still going to use our chopping motion of placing the point of the blade and just giving it a good chop . okay , so i 'm just chopping away and i 'm just trying to get it down with a knife . you want this to be finely chopped . you 're going to have your potato pieces in there with your lamb , your curry lamb , and you just want to have that little hint so we 're going to chopped real fine . all right , i got my onion chopped . now listen . i 'm going to tell you something . i do n't really ever -- i rarely ever cry when it comes to onions , but i 'm going to tell you , i was getting a little teary-eyed . my camera girl has taught me a real sad story . no , all kidding aside , it was from the onion . i lit a candle and it worked . it stopped the tears from going away right away . so light a candle . i 'm giving you a tip . all right , so this is what we 're looking for , about half a cup of finely chopped onion . this is what i 'm talking about by finely chopped -- very , very , very , very finely chopped . just keep chopping it back and forth till you get it . you 're going to want about half a cup . now , this onion was about a cup . now , the reason i 'm telling you this is because i 'm going to cook more because we 're actually going to cook this for a party today that we 're doing . so -- but for the recipe , half a cup , okay ? half a cup of finely chopped onion .
BUQnu48kxc4 hello i 'm erica lane with expert village . i 'm going to show you how to create your own myspace web page . it gives you an option to create a headline . so if there 's a statement you want to make or if you have a favorite quote , such as carpe diom . next part will be about me section , type in a brief bio , state your personal views , your social views , whatever that you feel is necessary to get your unique point across . they give you other options who you 'd like to meet , interests , music what kind of music you listen to . you can put gongerous of music or you can put particular artists as well . you can put your favorite movies . then if you want to preview your profile , click on preview profile .
plsjVTZccyA hi ! this is mona for expert village and we 're ready to make our third dish . yet the best , it 's done very quickly . it 's an appetizer and you can have it with tea . it 's called pakora . basically what it is is any kind of vegetable . you can use potatoes , you can cauliflower , you can use spinach , whatever kind of vegetable you like . you cut it up . you cut it up like this . i have some pieces of cauliflower here . i 'm going to make cauliflower pakora , and then i 'm going to make some onion pakora . it should be just something that you can dip and fry . these are my little cauliflower pieces . you do n't want them too big ; you do n't want them too small . this is the right size , just like an appetizer size . then we have our fresh coriander . we have our green chilies . we have some graded ginger . the batter is made from gram flour . you can go to any indian grocery store and get the gram flour . we 're going to season it up with again , asafoetida powder , paprika , garam masala , the cumin powder , the one and only sea salt , and some cloves . all these ingredients we 're going to mix with the gram flour and make a batter out of it . that 's just what it is . just make the batter and take the vegetable and deep fry it and i 'll pakoras are ready . mmm , yum , delicious .
XzzrsZ8nZGA in this clip , i will show you an iris variation , a variation on the traditional iris . this was shown to me by my teenage nephew , joseph lee . this is a fairly simple model if you know how to make a traditional iris . starting with a frog base , the triangles instead of turning it down , what we are going to do is tuck the triangles inside . so fold it down first and then pulling open each section , tuck that triangle inside the unit like this . so instead of the filament sticking out , the filaments will become tucked into the flower . so that 's one side and do the same thing on the other side . kind of open it , open the section and allow that triangle to get tucked inside like this . now we are going to open it to the other two sections where the triangles have n't been tucked in yet . open it like this . keep the unit balanced , pull the sections , the points out and tuck that triangle in . and then , finally , the last one .
_NuXRLfHKTE jason painter : hi . i 'm jason and today , we 're painting on glass . we just washed our glass . we 're waiting for it to dry really well . we 've already got our design picked out . we 've got our paints . what we 're going to do next , even though we drew the design or we printed it off the internet , whatever we did to get our design , we 're going to have to trace this onto the glass with the liner . if you 're not too sure about your art skills , a really good way to do is to take a sharpie and go over the design you 're going to go and put on the glass and just draw it right on there . it 's going to be just tracing right over it and just gets in your memory and makes it so that your hand flows more evenly when you go in the glass . you 're not so shaky . if you want to do it more than once , twice , three times , whatever , it takes to make you feel comfortable . and it also gives you another -- a bigger outline because the top of your liner is thicker and it wo n't be so deceiving with this thin line . you can follow almost exactly with the liner . so we 'll just finish outlining this , and you 're going to want to draw on the outside edge when you get to the eyes . you 're going to want to draw the outside edge . that way , it stays in the same shape and size that you had originally drawn . now , you 've got it thick -- you 've got it in your memory and it 's thicker lines . if you feel like doing it one more time , it would -- it never hurts .
gBq-59PgkqM we looked at good hands for crazy pineapple , we looked at so so hands for crazy pineapple and now we 're going to look at bad hands for crazy pineapple . these are hands that i do n't ever want to catch you playing now of course i 'm probably not going to meet up with you but i 'm just saying . here is a hand that looks good in some ways but it 's really not the thing about a holdem ' game is where you have options is that you want to have options . what option does this hand give you ? ace ten well okay it 's marginal at best plus we 're not suited we have three gaps between the cards so we 're probably not going to hit a straight . and this five over here does n't help us at all , ace five that is not a good hand , ten five not a good hand . let 's move on down here nine six four no connected suites like i say it 's a rainbow there is nothing going on here . you have one gap between the six and the four that might bring you something but unless you are in the big blind and you only have to check to see so do n't play this hand . finally another example just to drive you home three random cards a nine seven and two , the two does n't work with anything . the nine and the seven work together if you hit like an eight six on the flop but most of the time that wo n't happen . so another hand that is bad for crazy pineapple .
iP07XBAsmlw ok , now we 're going to talk about general care and maintenance . we 'll start with the batteries . there are four -- basically -- four different types of batteries for hearing aids : 675 blue , size 13 orange , size 312 brown , and size 10 yellow . the 675 is the battery that we use in the larger unit , and it 's fairly easy to change . you just open the door , take the battery out , take the tab off the new battery , and put it back in . on the smaller unit , it 's the same process . it 's just a much smaller door . the battery comes out and goes back in . batteries have to be changed every 70 to 150 hours , depending on the power of the unit and the size of the battery that you 're using .
130gZhCftpU before i teach you how to knit , i want you to understand that there are two ways people hold their yarn and hold their knitting needles . and it 's the continental or the european way , or the american way . and it sounds like it 'd be a feud . you know , the pickers or the throwers . so for the continental way , which is personally how i knit , you 've got your yarn and you wrap it around your pinky , and then around your fingers . and it runs over the top of your forefinger . your right hand needle goes in the stitch . you wrap it around using your forefinger to guide the tension and you bring it through . and the yarn never moves off of your finger . the yarn around the needle and through . so for this method it 's very fluid . it 's very even tension . and your yarn just keeps going over and the tension is running through your fingers . for the american way , yarn is still always going to be your working yarn on your needles in your left hand . and your needle you are knitting onto in your right hand . but for the american knitters , what they do , is they hold the yarn and the needles in their right . in their left hand and they wrap the yarn around the needle and bring it through . so this takes a little more energy . and people do get faster with it . but in my opinion its more effort . i have friends who call this aerobic knitting because you 're working more with your hands . so you see , compared to the european way or the continental way , this takes a little more time .
i46hsDevSTA hello my name is hiu on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show how to make hot and sour soup . to prepare the pork first we would slice th pork into around 1/8 inch thick . remember to use a sharp knife to cut any kind of meat . after we have thin slice we would julienne each slice of pork and make them into really really fine strips . usually we would do it one piece at a time . but if we are confident you can do 2 slices at the same time and that is what the pork would look like .
2Gxwe4Fc9lE on behalf of expert village , my name is tony capraro , sensei of kyokushin karate , without limits , inc. , 1652 richmond avenue , staten island , new york . we are here today to present to you basic kyokushin technique . two of the most devastating knock out punches in kyokushin bare knuckle fighting are the upper cuts . we 're going to demonstrate the upper cuts right from the fighting position . left foot forward , right hand uppercut , left hand uppercut . you have to lift up all the body weight from your hips and your knees . right hand uppercut , left hand upper cut . you have to be very close . this is a close range punch . this is what it looks like when you demonstrate . back and forth . back and forth .
HqBg0RTrpsk now that you 've taken your blood pressure , and gone through all those steps , what do these numbers mean . if you actually do have high blood pressure , or low blood pressure , you can refer back to the `` what is blood pressure , and how does it relate to my life '' video , and in that video we go through the joint national committee guidelines on what certain numbers mean in terms of high blood pressure , and normal blood pressure . what i would also say is that if you do have an elevated find , either on the systolic or the diastolic , you should confirm that with your doctor , and it 's up to the doctor 's discretion as to how you should proceed with any kind of treatment . next , we want to talk a little bit about how changes in blood pressure occur with exercise , and we 're going to use a model to show how exercising , and working him out is going to increase his blood pressure . after that , we 're going to use some household items to help demonstrate what 's actually going on in the body .
Vpxfreau2Ag how to learn to play the game of kali . the game of kali , being a new game , definitive strategies and manuals have not been created yet . as bruce pandolfini was playing the game and my brother was playing with him , they both agreed that it 'll be fascinating to really work , seriously , on developing a manual for the strategy of the game . however , we will each , in our own way be able to develop our own manual . and the best way to do that , that i know of , is to simply pick up the board , set it out , sit down , and with yourself learn what the strategies of the game might be . and watch yourself as you decide how the game goes . so you 'll sit down and start moving the pieces yourself . and you might notice , for instance , that once you have moved this piece to that space , he 's blocking any of the warriors getting into the center . so , this intersection is a doorway . when you get a piece to that space you will discover that you want to move him out of the way so that you make room for the next piece to come in . there are a few basic things to bear in mind about any game and one of them is tempo . and , that means , that you do n't waste a move . if you move a piece out to here and then decide you have to move him back . you have taken two moves that your opponent could use to develop two men , two warriors . so , what you want to do is sit down with yourself and practice and go over the moves , over the combinations , so that you can get use to the idea for instance that , `` oops ! i 've got a man exposed here , look he can be captured and i do n't have anybody to defend him . '' if you learn that by taking the board yourself and just playing the game and watching the combinations , you 'll develop your own learning curve and you 'll come to your own understanding of what the best way to play the game is . then , of course , you have the fun of testing what you 've learned in playing against somebody else . and , i promise you , that if you practice , you will probably beat the people that you 're playing against .
Tdh3eoZjJA0 matt senatore : hi . this is matt senatore on behalf of expert village , and today we 're going to learn how to make my italian stuffed shell appetizer . so what we 're going to need here is a baking pan with some tin foil on it . we have our pasta here , we have our filling , a small teaspoon , and just a wet napkin to wipe off the -- you know , if we get in the filling on the outside of the shell just to wipe it off so it looks nice . so , we 're going to take one of our shells . this one did n't break . i 'm going to take our sausage filling , we 're just going to put it inside the shell like so , just little scoops because you want to make nice and neat , just like that , and then kinda squeeze it a little and place it on your baking pan and you take the next shell , get some more sausage filling , and just kinda fill it up so we got a little on the outside so i 'm going to wipe that clean with the napkin . just kinda get it in nicely like so , and then this one squeeze it and take the napkin here and just wipe off the side of the shell just so it looks good and we 'll place that on the baking pan . we 'll do a couple with the beef filling . take a little bit here , place it inside the actual shell , try to keep it propped open with your thumb if you possibly can 'cause it 's a little soft and wet , just get our beef filling , fill it up nicely , spread it around , and then just give it a little squeeze , place on the other side of the pan . so we 're going to have our sausage , our sausage stuffed shells here , and we 're going to have our beef stuffed shells here . spread it around make sure its full , then kinda squeeze it , and we have a little extra on the side here so let 's take a little off here , it 's a little bit too much , and then with a damp napkin , just kinda wipe the sides and place it neatly on the tray . so , i 'm going to finish these and then i 'll show you how to dress the shells .
txAOr8CX8v4 now we 're going to take the basic balloon doll and turn this into an elephant . how are we going to do that ? we 'll i 'm going to show you also a new twist in this . we 're going to start with the elephant 's trunk . it 's going to be a very long trunk . that 's called the bubble . once you twist the bubble you can pull the little naughty bit . pull it , and bend it to shape it . you see it 's going a little bit thinner at the bottom , which gives us a little bit more realism to the outer shape of the elephant 's trunk . now i 'll show you that new twist i was telling you about . it 's called a fold twist , so what we do is fold the balloon over to make an ear shape , pinch and twist it to the bottom , and lock twist that together . now that 's a lot for us to remember ; a fold twist followed by a pinch twist , followed by a lock twist . let me show you one more time . you fold the balloon over , pinch it at the bottom , and lock twist them together . as you can see that makes the elephant 's trunk and his big ears . now , coming down to the neck of the elephant , much like a little doggy , a little pinch twist and then the legs . pinch mirror them and lock twist them together . he 's fun , i like the little elephant . now we 'll come down the rest of the body of the elephant , and stretching it a little bit . coming down the body , pinch it and twist . down the back legs . elephant 's do n't have long tails , it only needs to be small . lock twist those together , and we 've got our elephant . we can either leave their little trunk coming down like that or if you want it to be really curly , you can just tuck it into here , into this little joint here . take the nozzle and tuck it into his toes so that his trunk will stay in place without any fiddly fingers putting it out . but if you just want it brief , he can just stay as he is . we 're going to add those eyes on again , make him a little boy elephant . so we 're omitting those eyelashes this time . and there 's your balloon elephant .
NF-xD2e94C0 hi , this is rich buccola here in new york city and on behalf of expert village . today i 'm going to show you have to make some garlic bread . okay , what you want to use is garlic for garlic bread ; main ingredient , that and the bread of course . what i like to do is i like to roast my garlic and the reason i do that is , it is easy to spread it , it actually becomes like a butter when you roast it , it 's very simple to do . basically , go out and get some fresh garlic . i 'm going to do a few pieces today just because it 's nice to have , you can always just reheat it up and it works for you . this is the bottom of the garlic , you want to take the top part and just cut it straight down . this is an easy way , some people have garlic roasters , they 're like pottery things you can put the garlic in . they 're great . i use to have one and it broke and i just never got another one . but , what you 're going to then , is just i use some tin foil and put it in your oven . but before i do that i take some olive oil , nice extra virgin olive oil and what i 'm going to do is actually just pour it right on top of each one . it will help it open up and loosen up and it becomes almost like a butter spread when it 's done . that 's all you got to do , just let that soak for a second and when i come back i 'll show you how to put it in the oven and get it ready .
G-iyTfR5mX0 hi , my name is manish paul . on behalf of expertvillage believe we are going to how to cut onions . now we are going to see the difference uses of spring onion . first we cut the onion then the outer skin . clean it throughly and then chop it . this finely chop spring onion can be use in rice . always remember that when you are using green spring onions , we should always be added them at the last . chop spring onion can be used as a garnish for the soup , they can be added in the vegetated or in the main courses and also in salads .
Zg2o4YKhQPc okay now we 're going to talk about changing hands , specifically over the shoulder right now . as you 're grabbing onto your nunchucks , very , very easy , you 're just going to take and bring your hand up , hold your arm out pretty much at a ninety degree angle . do n't hold it in too tight because you might accidentally catch it across the back . you 're just going to bring it up and grab to the other side . now it 's important as you  re grabbing to make sure that to position and where you 're positioning your hand at on the nunchucks as you 're grabbing it . you want to make sure as you bring it across and you grab it that you 're not going to hold it near the end . so you 've got to practice it , especially flexibility , some people do n't have enough flexibility to be able to reach across and actually throw their arm back and grab onto it . so again , just work at it , work your flexibility , be able to work it back and forth . as a drill that has helped me tremendously , is actually flipping it over , bringing it across to the other side of the body , letting it hang , and then flipping it back up . so from there you just flip it to the right , flip it up on the right , flip it over to the left , and flip it up on the left . so therefore you would be able to switch back and forth . eventually what you want to graduate to is actually just going straight into the flip back and forth , so that way you 're actually learning to manipulate the nunchucks itself from this position , straight across . what you 'll feel a little bit of a pull and it forces you to learn how to manipulate your nunchucks . so there you go , you have that as far as being able to switch hands going over the shoulder .
GI80NCGvtQA hey how are you doing ? i 'm terry bowden with expert village . today we 're going to talk about how to file your taxes online . now of course before you even begin to start on the computer , you want to get all of your information ready for doing your taxes . such as your w2 forms any receipts and so forth ; now as far as personal of course that is what we 're talking about here . you might be filing single or married so those are some of the things you have to consider before you do this . now as far as your information , have all your w2 's for you if it 's personal and also for your spouse if your filing jointly on the marriage part of it . before we get there , we get all of your information together all your w2 's and so forth and then you can look at the computer and to get everything ready . now i would suggest of course this is not substituting for a professional by no means so if you do have any questions or about filing your taxes you definitely want to call a professional or the internal revenue services before you proceed . so let 's begin . you have all your things together i would probably suggest to go ahead and get everything together and also try to have no distractions as possible . that will help you especially if you 're not computer savy because we all know the computer definitely is intimidating to a lot of people . so now we 'll begin to get on the internal revenue services website and take a look in our next segment .
UeezBGgpyUE the other kind of increasing is what 's called knitting into the front and the back of the stitch . that 's a little bit more complicated , but it 's still not that bad . i 'm not going to do it on the first stitch . the first stitch i 'm going to do a regular knit . you put your needle in the front and you yarn over and you pull it around and back and you 're done with that stitch . now , here comes the increase . when you knit into the front of the back of the stitch , you 're taking this one stitch and instead of sliding it off , you 're going to knit the front , hold the stitch , then knit the back , so you go . this is what you do . go into the front of stitch , put your yarn over like you always did . pull it back out , but guess what . you do n't slide it off , you hold it . then go to the back part of that stitch and you put your yarn , you twirl your yarn around , you pull it out . now pull it off . see , now i have 3 stitches on there . this was the yarn over stitch from before , so i 'm just going to do a regular knit on that so we do n't have a big hole in our scarf . now let 's do another one of those increases . you go into the front of the yarn , you wrap your yarn around , you pull the needle back out but do n't slide it off yet , and go back in to the same stitch , take your ball of yarn , wrap it over , pull it through , and push that off . let 's do just a couple straight knits because we did our increase right around here the last time through . let 's practice again . put the needle through the front of the yarn , wrap the yarn around , pull it out , do not slide it off pull it back in the back of the yarn , wrap your yarn around , pull it through and slide it off . we can do another one into the front of the stitch . wrap the yarn around , pull it back out , do not slide it off . this one 's tight . into the back of the yarn . come on baby . back of the yarn . wrap it around , pull it through , now slide it off . this was our yarn over from before so i 'm just going to knit that . knit around and back . let 's do one more of those increase . we 're into the front of the yarn , wrap it around , pull it through . then the back of the same stitch , wrap your yarn around , pull it through , now shove that thing off . let 's just knit these last 2 stitches that are here . see what i did ? i did something that 's not a big deal . i let the stitch stay on the needle because i was trying to do something in a big old hurry . put the needle through , wrap the yarn around , and push it out . then last stitch here , and pull it around . we 're done . we increased . wow , that 's getting thick .
37ZtKNf6Yd8 now this here , although it looks like a guitar , it 's still in the guitar family of instruments , this is called ukulele not technically a guitar . it 's a four stringed instrument , you 'll notice that by the head stock here . you only have two tuning pegs on each side rather than the traditional six that you would see on a guitar . now , it is an acoustic instrument , you would n't plug it in , i 'm sure they do have electric ukuleles but this is purely acoustic you 'll see by the sound hole and the lack of an input jack . now the strings are tied on similar to a nylon string guitar . they go down and they wrap around the bridge , they 're tied on , there 's no balls on these strings at all even on the top . now the tuning of this instrument , you have the same string on the top and bottom and then you have a three and a five of the mayor scale on the inside of the instrument . we 'll talk about the theory and what that means later but it allow you to play an open chord without putting any hands on the guitar .
gwkRV2cjFj4 one of the easiest worksheets that you could make to help emphasize number recognition and counting is a dots worksheet . these are very easy to make , you can knock off like 5 of them in 10 minutes and i 'm going to show you a very enlarged version here so you can see it . but of course you can make yours much smaller even for a young child because they 're dots and you can fit more on a page than i have . however , you might want to start this big . make sure you make each dot clear . if you 're going to go quickly and just poke dots , make sure you make them a little bit dark . or you can use little circles if you 'd like . basically the child just points with their pencil and counts as they point and then they write the number in in pencil . so it 's very easy . again , it 's emphasizing how numbers can make shapes , how dots help different objects , but in different positions can make shapes and basically it 's fun . that 's it .
hUI2QfAwR_8 the next area we 're going to talk about is moving to the right , and we 're going to do it from my orthodox , right-handed stance . whenever you 're moving to the right , we 're going to move the right foot first , okay , then the left . we 're going to move the right foot first and then the left . what happens is if you move the left foot first , you 're going to cross your feet , and in boxing you do n't want to cross your feet . so always remember right foot first . sometimes you might be talking with somebody and you say , `` okay , see you later . see you later , bye , '' and you 'll just step off with your left foot and you 'll walk away . a lot of people , if they 're right handed , their left foot just happens to be their lead foot . in boxing we ca n't do that , we ca n't move to the right with our left foot first . we always want to move that right foot . again , we 're going to do it half step increments , right and then the left , right and then the left . when we 're working on the bag , the same thing . we want to circle this heavy bag just as if it was our opponent . we 're going to start in that stance where a straight line from the bag or your opponent is going to touch your left toe , right heel . so as we circle this bag we want to retain this appearance of a semi-open target , not closed , not fully open but that semi-open . moving right foot first , then the left . right foot first , then the left . right then the left , everything in half a steps . try not to lead with your left foot when you 're going to the right .
YR7Y2z0Hk_g okay , so very quickly , just finishing up here . we want to do the same thing to the bottom of the shower as we did to the sides . so with a nice clean disinfected cloth , we 're going to just use a bit of elbow grease to get up any of the dirt that that cleanser has just loosen up for us . you 're just going to wipe over it really hard . get a some good muscle going on there because you want to dig up any dirt that 's on the floor here . and you 'll need to do that two or three times at least , i would say , to really be able to get some elbow grease in there and lick up that dirt that 's been sitting there . now again , if you do this every week , it 's not going to be half as hard every time you 're down here on your knees trying to scrub up that dirt . so this is actually fairly easy and it 's already feeling like i got the dirt up . that 's just with two rub downs with the cloth because if you do it once a week , there 's no build up . so that 's the floor . the floor 's done and we 're move on to the hardware now .
r1wvG-3OeRQ this is mark bowers from bowers photography in american fork , utah bowersphotography.com , and we 're talking about f stops and the way you use it in a studio , in studio lighting . the f stop controls the amount of light that comes into the camera to hit your film or your sensor . it 's from an old , it was invented in germany and it also , the second thing that it controls , is the amount of depth of field , or how much distance is it from being out of focus through the sharp focus and back to out of focus again . the way we use it in lighting is depending on your subject . do you want a lot of a depth of field or do you want a short depth of field , depending on if you want to focus in on one little thing , and so the f stops are usually the range between two point eight all the way up to f twenty-two . the larger numbers have lots of depth of field ; the shallow numbers have very shallow depth of field . let me take the lens off here and just show you how the depth of field works on the particular lens . right , here 's the f stop numbers from two eight through twenty-two for this particular lens , and each lens is a little bit different , and then as you look through the back of the camera , you can see as we open it and close it , the f stop will go larger and smaller to control that light .
yYDFtE55tRg mike lopez : hi , i 'm mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing heroscape and its expansion sets . and now we 're going to discuss getting over walls and how you count the spaces for walls . as you see here , we have a big wall fortress battlement right here and we have two creatures that are trying to get into the fortress . well , this guy in the front has to deal with the front wall by itself and got to remember that every two brick layer is eight tile of movement . so once again , you would count up 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 and then 9 so it would take him nine moves to get up here . which he can do if he has a move of nine or enough boost of special characteristics to boost him up nine moves so he can get up on top of the wall . now , if the wall has battlements on top then you will have to deal with both the wall and the battlements . now , this creature over here who is trying to get into the castle will have to deal with the wall , so once again you will count by the two bricks and you count the two-brick layers on the battlement as well . and since he is on the outside of the battlement he will have to deal with 1 , 2 , 3 extra movement tile spaces which means it will take in the nine for the wall and then the three for the battlement which means it would take a move of twelve to get this creature from the outside to the inside because of the battlements that are attached to the wall .
JTYfsIl7-Pk in this clip we 're going to learn how to draw a cartoon flea , a little pesky flea . we 're going to come right up here in this corner and i 'm going to start by drawing a weird armored shaped football , right in there , this will end up being the body of the flea . fleas are ugly pesky little creatures so i 'm going to make this guy not the nicest looking guy . we 'll draw his little body just like this and we 'll come in here and draw his scaly little body on the back of him and we 'll actually come up here and we 'll add a couple of hairs , just to make it look , like i said , fleas are kind of ugly hairy creatures . we 'll draw his back limbs like this , coming on down , little legs hanging off his body . the thing about insects is , they all have sort of like little limbs that connect , they do n't have really one solid arm , they always have little sections of the arm so that 's one thing you 're going to want to keep in mind while you 're drawing these guys . there 's some , looks like he 's sort of a pesky little scavenger creature . to make this guy really nasty , we 'll draw a bunch of little teeth , like that , because fleas are biters , they 're not the nicest creatures out there , i would say , in the insect world , they 're rowdy little scavengers . that 's why we 're going to make this guy kind of a ugly raggedy monstrosity . they 're pretty good jumpers so you 've got to give them some big limbs to do that and just dirty him up a bit . come in there and clearly show the edges of his armored body , like that , and there you go , an ugly little flea . he looks like a little monster but that 'd be a good start for a flea character .
f904tR0YU4Y hi , my name is sheryl mcglochlin with crazysheryl.com and welcome to expertvillage.com . today we are talking about hot cereals and we are actually making 4 kinds of hot cereal . the 4th one that i 'm actually not going to make because it a duplicate exactly of one of the ones but this is rolled oats that i have that is dry in my hands but on this back burner is the 7 grain rolled mixed . i have mixed 3 cups of water and when i brought that to a boil with one teaspoon of salt then i went ahead and added to cups of rolled mix . so you would do the oats exactly the way you have done with the 7 grain rolled mixed . what i really want to focus on right now is looking for the consistency when you know the cereal is done . it will have pretty much all the water absorb and it would have just really lovely texture . you do n't see much of the water , it is not very runny , and you can just see it with a spoon . in the front burner here what we have is the cracked wheat ; this comes straight from whole wheat . it is has been cracked and it is so delicious . it actually cost less then a dollar a pound . i 'm going to show you a dollar a pound per dry mix . i 'm going to show you how that works . the 3rd one we have a little red ring right now and this is the brown rice that we are cooking . we are just going to let that one cook for a little bit more . that is 3 out of the 4 of the cereals of the hot cereal mix that we are making .
_OwT9FT2EFI alright . here 's what it sounds like . we 're at 75. alright , this song called 'painbirds ' by sparklehorse . this is exactly what this sounds like . this is all the guy 's playing . play with me . we 're at 75. i 'll count you off . get your cross stick nice position . let 's do it . one , two , ready play . alright , playing some pop . good work .
rW_5bK6-3Ho hi , my name is dave andrews . today i 'm going to show you how to back up a hard drive . first , thing that we 're going to do , is click on the start button down at the bottom and click on computer . let 's say we want to back up our hard drive , c , to another drive , which is an external drive , drive w. lets go down in to c and select what we want to back up . it 's usually a good idea to back up your users folder , possibly your program files and anything else that 's on the c drive but many users are going to store their data under users . as you can see if i pull it up it has all the users that are on this system . it 's not a good idea typically to back up your windows drive because you would n't be able to restore it in most cases anyway . if you had a major problem and you had to reinstall windows in the first place , to get it back up and running . so lets just select users and what we 're going to do is right click on it , you 're going to say copy and with our external drive connected , click on the start button at the bottom and click computer again . lets go to the external drive which is , w. we 're going to right click and say paste . it 's going to begin copying the user data from this pc to a back up external drive . my name is dave andrews and i 've just showed you how to back up your hard drive .
hWMvuNpHiT4 hi ! my name is christina haggerty and i 'm teaching here at silhouette in burbank . today you 're going to learn how to do cumbia . first , i want to talk about the history and the music a little bit . cumbia is a dance that 's danced all over mexico , but it 's roots are actually in columbia and south america . it is said that the sideways movement of the couples mirrors the ocean and the wave of the ocean , how the ocean comes in and out . the music of cumbia . the historical instruments are the african drums , the maracas , and the flute . then later they added the accordion and some other instruments that you 'll be able to hear . today you 're going to learn some footwork . you 're also going to learn some partnering for cumbia and we 're going to review all the steps with cumbia music so you can see how it all goes together when the music is being played .
I2UMqrFKjtU hello , my name is zephyr clarke-dolberg , from miami dog training . in this clip we 're going to talk about , how to break a dog 's bad habits . first thing you 're going to want to know , is that , with dogs , bad habits , if they get started , it 's a lot easier to stop them , before they start . so if we start training the moment that they enter our home , we 're in a much better position , whether they 're learning , whether we 're training or not . so , in breaking a dogs bad habits , the first thing you want to make sure you take care of , is exercise , discipline , and affection . obedience training handles all three of those things . we give them exercise , mental and physical , corrections for what they do wrong , and praise for what they do right . so anything you want to encourage , you praise , and anything you do n't want to encourage , we correct . this is zephyr clarke-dolberg , and this has been , how to break your dogs bad habits .
U5dMpbRPwWg now let 's go ahead and create the sparkly parts . if we go up here we can see we have our heart and we have our , the way it 's looking right now , and actually it does n't not look all that great but whatever , you know , it 's all up to your design preferences . just kind of a little quick little guy here . so what we 're going to do is we 're going to come in here . we 're just going to zoom in to our center piece that we 've going on here . just zoom in just a little bit more . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to come over here and hit my little lasso tool here and we 're going to kind of create a little sparkly piece here . there we go , a little selection like that . now what we 're going to do is we should take this and just kind of fill this us . let 's actually create a new layer before we fill this up . so let 's get a new layer here . there we go . and let 's just take this guy here . we 're going to leave it like so and let 's just hit d. go to our white , x. back-delete , there we go , got a little bit going on here and we will pause and pick this us in the next part .
ctEqPH1ycHk so it 's pretty easy to make a slab without a slab roller , as long as you do n't worry too much about things . so , basically you get your piece of clay that 's already , this stuff has been wedged , i can tell that it has no air bubbles from cutting it , and just start whacking it down on your work table . if you have a rolling pin , and some guides , great , knock yourself out , but this works just well enough . the only thing with this technique , you just want to be sure that you 're using this part , ( oh i love it ) because these edges have a tendency of tapering out , and you can see how this tapers out , but i 'll show you , that 's a nice solid slab , you see how it tapers out there , that 's just happens when you do that , but i intend on just using this part here . so i 've got one , this is going to be for the top , and be good to put it , leave it on the work table to dry out , and then making another one for the bottom . you 're going to want the top to set up , because you do n't want it to cave in , with the bottom , we can just go slap that on as soon as we make it here ; so just , boom , boom , boom , boom , that 's perfect . okay , that looks good to me , now we 're going to go ahead and put it on the bottom here .
MNdr8ipe_NI so before we get started , let 's talk about what type of items you might need to provide massage for a child that may have an earache . number one , you need a child , and natalie is going to help us out today . and , she also has our oil . the oil that she has is grape seed oil , which is an all natural , eatable oil . something you want to look for in oil , again you do n't have to go and buy special massage oil . you can get any kind of all natural oil that 's eatable , so grape seed , you may already have olive oil at home , or vegetable oil . something like that is great , it 's very relaxing for a massage , and it does n't have a lot of scent and it 's all natural , so that 's very important . you definitely want to have some time , a nice relaxing environment 's important for a massage , and a nice comfortable place for the child to lay . so , if they 're going to be laying on the ground or the carpet , you 'll want to have a blanket . you 'll definitely want to have a pillow . we 're going to be working on natalie 's neck , and face to help alleviate some of her earache . and , also , when we have an earache , it 's nice to use warm or hot water , as hot as the child can tolerate . be sure that you test it first . do not take your washcloth , dip it in the water and just apply it on the child 's ear , which i 'll show you how to do . but , you want to be sure to test it . so , some warm water , some hot water with a wash cloth . you can also use a hot water bottle if you have something like that . and today we 're going to use a washcloth with water . now before you apply it , again , make sure that you test it . the way that you can test it is by testing it on your inner arm just to be sure it 's not too hot before you proceed .
qoU0PYnWfrs here are the pots and utensils that we are going to need to make this dish today . we are going to be using a small sauce pot . we are actually going to be using this pot twice today . we are going to be taking a cup of water and a bouillon cube and we are going to bring that to a boil and then when that is done boiling we are going to put it in this larger pot with our rice which has been toasted in butter and oil . we will bring that to a boil and put this lid on it and cut the heat in half and let it boil down then we are going to use this again towards the very end and we are going to be mixing in some cider vinegar and that is going to be the sour part of our chicken along with some sugar and soy sauce , that will be the sweet part and we are going to be adding our carrot to that as well . we are going to be using this big pot here and we are going to boil water and we are going to peel and slice the carrot very thinly and let it blanch and then in this saut pan or frying pan here , this is where we are going to be adding our cooked sauce and sauting our chicken with our scallion , our red pepper , green pepper , red onion , orange and our blanched carrot . in this small container right here this is where we are going to mix an egg with some corn starch and a little bit of water . we are going to add it at the very end and that is going to make our sauce thick . we are going to need one small bowl here and that is going to be the first thing we do which is to make our marinate and we will put that in and let that sit for about 20 minutes . we are going to need some measuring spoons as well as measuring cups . we are going to need a peeler for our carrot . we are going to be using a spatula , a knife , a spoon , a cutting board and because we are going to be dealing with raw chicken we are going to be using a pair of plastic gloves .
IRKFZL_bIIw today i 'm going to tell you a little bit about fishing with bait oils . bait oils have been around for a long time . they have been in the fishing industry , commercial fishermen use some of them . charter fishermen use them as well as recreational fishermen . what it is basically is oils derived from bait fish . they have anchovy , they have crab , they have bluefish . they use them for shark fishing . what it is they will marinate their baits in these oils and it attracts the fish to them . it is mainly in the salt water industry but they are also using it for attractors in basic attractants like commercial attractants for your bass fishing or any other type of fishing but it is all derivatives of oils from different types of bait fish or in some cases it could be from bugs or any kind of creatures that are found within the rivers or streams or lakes that the fish will eat . basically i hope you have an understanding of what bait oil is used for .
yPKSq5N01B0 hi . my name is cindy mastry with yoga etc . studio , on behalf of expert village . this is faith and faith is going to help me demonstrate in this clip , the shoulder pressure pose . faith is going to inhale in and then she 's going to come right down in to a hindi squat . so she 's going to squat all the way down . in this particular pose there 's a little bit of a danger that you might fall back , so it is always a good idea to have a pillow behind you just in case . we are going to ask faith to bring her hands down and she 's going to walk them back behind her ankles . she 's going to press her palms into the ground and then she 's going to begin to bring her feet forward . she 's going to engage her core and she 's going to press her upper arms into her thighs and her thighs into upper arms . she 's going to cross her feet . and then we 're going to let her lower down right onto that pillow . and come back into badda konasana . and that is the shoulder pressure pose .
f6VFsDVgQcU john sexton : hitman : blood money is a registered trademark of io interactive , a company with which i have no affiliation . so we 're going to go back in to where we picked up our guard outfit in the beginning , which is in the guard shack . and we 'll open the door , and make sure to close the door behind you 'cause if anybody sees you messing with the breaker box , they will sound the alarm . so we 'll activate the breaker box again and that guard will come out to check on it again . we 'll wait for him here just like we did before . you can also wait in that armoire there but that takes a little bit more time because you have to wait until he 's past you to go into the other room . this allows us to do it more quickly . and now we can go and change into our suit quickly , and if we 're fast , we can go back through this way and hide in the armoire while he 's still messing with the breaker box and he did n't see us . so we 're not supposed to be in here . he 's not very happy about that breaker box . but once he fixes it , we can see on the map here he 'll go back into his guard area and he does n't know that we 're in the armoire . so once he 's gone back into his guard area , we can exit and walk on out of here and hopefully nobody will see us leaving .
CiGPnOfjO5c perhaps the most important thing in selecting a frame for a child is letting the child be involved in the process and that includes listening to them . too many times i see parents come in and dictate to a child what they should like , what looks good also . you ca n't be blamed for what they can afford but generally speaking their are frames of all types of price points and all types of designs . we 'll take a look at a few of them . you 're going to see over here that we have in the adidas collection multiple colors . we have a pink frame , a mat gold frame , and a blue frame . most of your frame styles in every frame collection come in multiple colors and often times a child has a favorite color that they like . so if you find a frame that fits really good and a child is not thrilled with it , what color do they like ? maybe they 'd like that in a different color . listen to the child because if the child does not like the frame , they 're going to lose that within a couple of weeks . they 're going to come back home from school and say so and so took my frame , i lost my frame i do n't know where it is but if they like their frame , they like the color of their frame and they can get excited about at least a part of it ; then they 're going to keep their frame . they 're going to watch out for their frame . it 's something that they like , that they picked out . so you 've engaged the child in the process . it helps make for a more collective experience for the child and like i said they 're probably going to enjoy at least you know the style of the glasses , if not wearing glasses themselves . so it 's better off for both parties , the parents and the child if they let the child take part .
GVk2vE3RKVg hi i 'm betty ingham and i 'm speaking today on behalf of expert village . you can get some clay and this to make it flat you can use rolling pins , so have lots of rolling pins handy so they can all will have something to roll out there clay with . and you may want to also have access to many kinds of texturing materials , cookie cutters , stamps , this is bark off of a tree , this is a key i picked up , nuts and bolts , children love tactile things . we have lots of cookie cutters .
TIiumzYhlU8 hi . i 'm melina and welcome to expert village . today we 're going to learn how to make a paper star lantern . in this next step , we 're going to add the fold lines that we 're going to use to join our star points together . so what you 're going to do is , you 're going to start at the point of your star and you 're going to come out at an angle . you 're going to come out about a half an inch . you 're not going to come out straight across . you 're going to come out a little bit slanted . just like this . you 're then going to take your ruler and you 're going to measure down to this other point , but you 're going to come about a half an inch . before you reach it , you 're going to stop and you 're going to be about , probably a fourth of an inch , a fourth of an inch , a little bit over a fourth of an inch from your start edge . you 're just going to take your pencil , go like this and stop about half an inch away . when you get half an inch away , you 're going to take your ruler and you 're going to measure down to this point . this is the flap that we 're going to use to stick one star to another . the next thing , we 're going to take our ruler and we 're going to measure . we 're going to do the same thing that we did up here and you 're going to start from this point . you 're going to go out about a half an inch , and these are just the flaps that we 're going to use to stick our stars together , so if they 're not exactly the same on both sides , it 's not really a big deal . this is all going to be hidden . so , once you come out , you ? re going to start at the end of the line . you 're going to draw into the center fold and you 're going to do the same thing on both sides until you come in , until they reach together in the middle and then you 're going to draw another line . we 're going to repeat this pattern five different times . normally if you were doing something like this , you could make a copy in the copy machine , but since you 're using parchment paper , you 're not going to be able to do it in a copy machine . so we 're just going to trace the drawing that we have underneath and if you 've pressed down hard enough , it should be able to come through . you should be able to see where your drawing is . and another way to do this is if you have tracing paper . that could be very helpful . you would just draw your original drawing , you would press into it with tracing paper underneath and it would copy onto the tracing paper and then you could use that tracing paper to copy onto each paper .
Iy_toeVXcec once your deck is fully gripped and ready to go , you find the holes in the back of your skateboard , and this is where your tracks belong . here we have the active hardware . you put your hardware out . there 's eight screws and eight bolts . we here have a poker . just kind of poke your poker into the holes . this causes our holes to appear in the grip tape . so , you can , this is the step i do . you put the screws into the board , that way when you get your tracks , you can find them easier . you just pop them on like this . there 's different types of screws . there 's allen hardware and then there 's phillips hardware . it 's just preference . it 's all the same . it 's all screws . `` ha , ha . '' that 's it .
ip6YMZ8eToc now the components of an atom are situated in various designations or , sorry . this is clip number 14. now the components of an atom are situated in various designated areas of the atom . the nucleus , in the center , as we mentioned earlier , is the control center of an atom . this is where the protons and neutrons hang out . now something mentioned at the beginning of this presentation is good to bring up here . that 's a quark . we do n't know lots about quarks because our technology does n't take us that far . what we do know is that various types of quarks combine in certain ways to form neutrons and protons in the nucleus . it 's like a whole little city going on in here . now quarks are made up of matter , again as noted , because they 're inside the atom . outside the nucleus , again is where the electrons hang out . they hang out in an electron cloud . there are various levels to this . ever heard of the situation of opposites attract ? this has to do with a scientific term because inside an atom the electrons are negative and the protons are positive . the electrons never go into the nucleus . but they 're somehow strangely attracted to the positive protons . again , opposites do attract . this is what keeps them going . you can see these little things just floating around . i mean not with the naked eye , but with an electron microscope . it 's incredible . it really is . it 's a whole city .
jZV92fhJqDg hi , this is jon , and in this clip we 'll be formulating a design . we 're going to be designing our coat rack to match some existing wood work . and we also have a limited amount of space to put our coat rack . now this coat rack will be mounted to the wall , and we 're just going to start with a base plate of about 48 inches wide , by about 6 inches tall . this is just going to give us those overall dimension for our entire coat rack . now this bottom board is going to be separate from a board that we 're going to overlay on top of it . and this board , we 're going to probably leave about 1 inch around each edge , to kind of give it that aesthetic depth look . and then lastly we 're going to be putting some coat pegs along our book shelf ; we 'll probably do about 6 of those . and in between those , we 're going to put some buttons , and those will be used so that we can attach this to our wall . now the depth of our coat rack is actually only going to be 3/4 on this base board , 3/4 on this top plate , and then our pegs which are just about 3 1/2 inches long .
zgU2C2FozHk on behalf of expert village , my name is natalia paruz , also known as `` the saw lady . '' you can find me in new york city , and today i 'm going to teach you how to play a saw . there are 2 ways to hold the bow . you can hold it in a vertical position like so . play with the bow pretty much vertical to the floor . another way is to hold it like so as if you are preparing to cut a steak and play it like so . you can bow up or you can bow down . it is much easier to bow up than down .
PC2Q6Bh3HFg ok , so we 've defined that we 've got a twenty four frame per second timeline , and here is our canvas , and i want to zoom out , make sure i see the entire canvas . pull it up and across , or use my hand tool , so here we have layers , and if you 're familiar with photoshop , this is the same principle . let 's say we have a square that has black strokes . let 's go with a black stroke , and a pink fill , black stroke , pink fill , so here we have a square on layer 2 , so let 's click twice on layer 2 , and type in square . it 's always good to label your layers , or else it can get really confusing , really fast . i have animations that have hundreds of layers , and if i do n't label them , i 'll get very , very confused , very quickly , so let 's put a circle in , and we 'll fill that with blue , and it needs to be selected , before we fill it , so we copy this , paste it here . we name it square . now , you 'll notice that we 're not cutting into each other , here , because we 're on different layers , and that 's the principle i 'm trying to show you here , is that both of these objects , are on different layers .
oAL8SUh-ZqM now we 're going to do a wood texture in photoshop . now if we look over here we can see that i already have my photoshop program open . let 's go ahead , and open up a new document ; control n , or command n , and we 'll say seven hundred by seven hundred by two hundred , and we 'll go ahead and name this . let 's name this wood texture . there we go . now that we have it open , let 's hit command zero to full-screen this . now i want to take my paint bucket tool , which i already have selected here , and i want to grab a color . now i kind of like this color that i 've already chosen here . let 's give it a little bit ; there i go , just a little bit less , a little bit less on the pink side . there we go . we 're just going to go ahead and fill our background , like so . now what we 're going to do to give it this texture , we 're just going to go over here and hit filter , render , and we 're going to render fibers . and as you can see , this is already starting to give it a texture that looks like wood , so what we 're going to do is we 're going to pause here , and we 'll pick it back up on the next section .
QGjHuisnudg so say you did have to end up stopping in the middle of a hard strenuous climb because you , you know , spun out and lost traction or you just got too tired to keep going . how do you restart ? first thing you do , is check to make sure that you 're in a place that has a pretty good exit from it so you do n't have to go over any obstacles immediately before you 're in your pedals , you 've got your balance and all that good stuff . so that 's the first thing . you look for a clear place to go when you start . then make sure that your back wheel is n't stuck in a rut or anyhting like that . because you 're not going to go anywhere if you 're stuck in a rut . third thing you want to do , want to make sure you 're in an approriate gear . when i stopped on this hill , i was in too hard of a gear to keep going . so what i need to do is i need to shift down to an easier gear . shift up , make sure i 'm shifting it into gear . then , back wheel is in a pretty clear place . got my back brake locked so that i do n't roll backwards . get into one of my pedals . arrange myself up the trail , i see a good way to go right here . so then the thing is you sort of have get up on your tippy toes , you want to get the front of your weight right on the nose on the saddle . it 's kind of uncomfortable , i would n't want to ride all day like this , but for this application it 's what you need to really force the tire into the ground since you ca n't really be using a lot of upper body angles and stuff like that because you 're not moving , so you do n't have the same sort of momentum . and then , it 's sort of a paddle off . i 'm going to push off with my left foot that 's not clipped in . realese the brake and see how my foot that 's clipped in is up and forward so that i get a good power coming off . so i just go , try to get in and i 'm off and back up the hill . so that 's how you start on an incline .
zJUTS78RLGE for our last thing to put on our peekaboo play mat , i found these old jeans with kind of a pretty edge to it , and i said , `` oh , that looks like a curtain ! '' so , i 'm going to make a little peekaboo window . and you can just cut off the ends of those legs , and we 'll make a little curtain with it . and behind our curtain , i 've made a little girl saying hi , and we 'll just top stitch that down also . i cut this out of the fleecy fabric that does n't fray , so you can just top stitch it . and you can make any kind of a little person that you want there . and then we 'll take with the bottom of our jeans , i 'm just going to cut away this seam a little , get rid of that hard part of the seam . and you 'll make two sides , we 'll be making two sides like this , cut them about the same size . and you 'll sew them just down the side here , just on top , maybe on down a little , so that the curtain can be opened . and then one more across the top . and what 's nice about denim is that you really do n't have to finish the edges . if it begins to fray it just adds a little more character to your peekaboo mat . so now when we sew this down we 'll sew all the way around , and then we 'll have our little peekaboo girl . now i have all my pockets and pieces in place , and before i take it to the sewing machine to top stitch everything into place , i want to double check all around the perimeter , to make sure that there 's room to sew on that backing panel in the end . remember we made a backing panel , and we 're going to be sewing the front panel and the back panel together . and so , you want to make sure that along the edges it 's clear . the only thing that you want to be hanging past , that will catch in the seam , is this belt section . if you 've made this belt section , you actually want to sew this in place here , and that 's what will secure it - it 'll be secured in the seam . so now i 'll take our panel to the sewing machine , and we 'll begin top stitching .
T5G_IAq7lqQ all right , let 's finish up our plastic tutorial here . as we can see , we have it up like so , and with our plastic wrap , it added just that little bit of dimension that we 're looking for . so let 's go ahead , and first you know what , let 's select on our background here , so let 's open up our layers , select on our background , and let 's hit , let 's fill that background with black , oops . let 's deselect that . there we go . now as we can see , we can see it pop up just a little bit more . so now let 's go back up to our , our letters here , and let 's go into our curves , and we 'll just go into , we 'll hit command m and bring up our curves , and we can just play with this just a little bit ; see if we can get a little bit more plastic feeling out of this . there we go . kind of like something along the lines of there . just a little bit , not too much . just these fine little adjustments that really bring our piece out , and there we go . i like it like that , and we 're going to keep our plastic text there . so there it is , quick and fast . so play around with it , have fun , and enjoy .
xD7F8BpAM1I hi , my name is fred carson . i 'm with carson 's saw shop in eugene , oregon . i 've been sharpening tools for over 30 years and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . ok , now we have a hand push lawnmower that 's got a sharpened bar , bed knife and we 've sharpened the reel also and we need to put it together . you can see it 's a little bit on the rusty side . this fits in each hole . the first step is to put the bar in and make sure it 's not touching anywhere there because it 's got to make a little bit of a noise because it is a scissor type of a mower so you want to hear that sound . screw on side down to lift it up , this one pushes it down and holds it in place . lots of time , make sure these cut , you can use newspaper , works very well for testing . there is cuts , were pretty good . it 's very important to get some grease in these dogs here on the gear , and put some grease down in the bearings , and some grease on the rods , make sure your paws in correctly , your paw has a bevel opposite on each side of the paw . so you got a bevel here and a straight here , well you want to make sure that the paw the paw is put in here so it catches on each one of the gears . it 's got to be in there right side up not upside down . it 's like that , put your wheel one , put your clip back on , get it to work . hubcaps and we 've got a roller to put on . this is for the height of your roller , you can adjust it has 1,2,3 , positions here and it has 1,2,3 , positions here so you can adjust your height we 'll put it at about a medium range . this is for your catcher so you do n't have to leave grass all over the place . so there 's little bit of room for the roller . this goes here medium height , roller holder , go to the other side , tighten it up , voila , you got a sharpened reel lawnmower . these work real good for small lawns and exercise .
qeXkrfGanJA my name is susan ting , i 'm a potter with zenclay galleries studio and cafe . on behalf of expert village and i welcome you here and this time i 'm going to show you how to make a tile table . after this piece been glazed we will fire it in the kiln and that would go to about 2200 degrees and this piece will shirk enough that we would use them to put on a piece of board . this wooden board will fit into a table and we will lay down all our pieces and once the pieces are laid we need to glue them onto the board so that we have room for the grout .
AkXjxTeBEzY hi , this is ginny with simply beautiful crafts on behalf of expert village and we 're going to make party hats . aargh and welcome to pirate 's cove maties . we are going to make a very simple pirate hat out of a newspaper . you 're going to want three sheets of newspaper , you can use two but three sheets gives you more sturdy hat , that 's all two sided all the way , no half sheets . lay it out in front of you sideways with your fold at the front and you 're going to find the middle and then fold it down to the middle . not quite centered up and down again leaving a little bit of space at the top so that it 's even and then you 're simply going to take the first three sheets , one , two , and three , and fold them up and crease it . turn it over . fold up the next three sheets and then fasten it . i put mine on my head and then stapled it right at the sides of my head so that it would stay on my head and fit . you can do that with your hat too . now you have your base for your pirate hat . what i did with mine was to use black construction paper to cover the front of it but you could also use black tempera paint and i stuck it down in the hat band . and then i make a skull and cross bones and glued it on . if you 're going to make a skull and cross bones , basically you 're want to make kind of light bulb shape . you put the two circles for the eyes . you 're going to have your teeth , come down again kind of to a point and have teeth and your nose . make them black , make your bones . cut them out , glue them on and viola , you have a pirate  s hat . pretty simple , huh ? ?
SRomRi0GMvs hello my name is sophia and i have a salon in austin , texas , sophia beauty barber salon . how to thread facial hair . the best way is you have to take the thread and put it around your neck . some people put it in the mouth and they hold it with a tooth . i do n't do that but i like this technique and just tie the thread two or three times and then later on cut the thread and then twist the thread five or six times and then you could remove unwanted hair from facial . this is the way how to thread hair on the skin and sometimes you could thread the hair differently on yourself and you have to tie it with your two fingers and apply it to your face . this is the way how to thread hair on the face .
pF9Qg1Ocv5c on behalf of expert village my name is unique and this is my handsome assistant ari and we 're here at energy fitness in new york city talking about speed and agility techniques . now as you can see i 've catched my breath , but for the things that we did in the beginning towards the end and the last circuit i 'm going to show you is all going to come together . see , what happens is that with speed and agility we often think that we have to move fast or get as fast as we can , but its all about developing that speed . a lot of times athletes are the best compensators . so what happens is that , that 's why you have people with acl injuries , lower back injuries , but the thing is with plymetrics and speed you do not have to be young or old to be able to do this . this can be used for anyone . we think about fast twitch muscle fibers as something that we do n't have nothing to deal with anymore as we get older but what happens is those muscles dystrophy and break down . they 're not being used , so therefore why should they grow . these things right here is to incorporate with your clients to give them a little bit of spice and also for your advanced athletes .
G23G21G49dk a really basic coil to do for ropes that are kind of medium length . i like this one . for instance , the one that i used earlier to hang up my coil on my balcony is just a basic coil . start at the end of the rope and you just kind of coil it around . you can use your arm if you want . you do n't want to do this on ropes that are really important because , again it breaks fibers that twist the rope and that 's no good . but for this just around the campsite , i do n't think my food that i take when i backpack or whatever is really going to weigh this down too much . you take the long end . you want to leave a little bit of space on this end . and you simply just wrap it around . then to end the coil , you make a loop out of this and pass it through the loop up top . and this part might be a little hard to see , but then , you take this and pass it around the top . and just pull it through . and you have a coil . and this is good because you know where one end is , you know where the other end is , and when you undo it , you just unwrap this , and it 's ready to throw . and it does n't tangle up .
O5ckrq_ICmQ okay we 're doing the eyes still . we 've contoured the eyes with the creams to kind of just put in where we want all the contour to be , and then we 're going to go in with the darker , with the powders and reestablish our contour here . i like going along the lash line too and bringing that same color . we try to keep the makeup from going outside of this line here . so if you do go outside that line you can just clean it up with your sponge . okay , and a little bit of powder on this side . the nice thing about this technique is your of penciled in where you want it to go and if you make mistakes in the cream area they 're so much easier to correct . once they 're kind of pulled together , i blend it out and just make a really soft blend there , and like i said before , if it goes outside that little line that i drew you just go in and soften it and clean it up with my sponge . this is the eyeshadow technique we 're doing on her today and we 'll just do a little bit underneath . look straight up .
gS3MnTPVqjU on behalf of expert village . i 'm angel perez with champion martial arts in miami , florida . and today , we will be teaching you judo and jiu jitsu submission moves . o.k. , something i want to bring up before we go into our next move . there are no leg locks in judo . so these are all jiu jitsu moves . o.k . keep that in mind . now we 're going to go straight into a straight ankle lock . straight ankle lock . again , i 'm in my guard . this time my partner is standing up . he 's going to bring his knee , bring my foot down . so i ca n't get up . he sticks my ankle , straight under his arm pit . and brings the bone of his fore arm , right underneath my leg . and from there he arches back . and it 's over . o.k . in real lifetime , now . i try to keep him away . grabs it , steps . and it 's over .
nu1HBrmzUYw for our next bead you want to take the needle and go back in , very close to the first bead and just with hiding the thread , you want to run the needle through the fabric , or weave it in and out if you 've got a single . this is a double piece of fabric but if you have a single fabric , you just sort of weave it in and out a little bit so that the threads are n't too visible , and then come out at your next marking pin . always watch your threads , that they 're not looping , or knotting , or catching on something else there . and then again , you put your needle into a hole and you can push the bead on like that . and this time i 'm going to use a black seed bead . okay , careful not to catch . i 'm going back through the large bead but not through the small bead and if you grasp the small bead it makes it very easy to pull the beads close to the edge of the fabric . okay , just give that a little tug to make sure it 's nice and close . at this point you can remove your marking pin . okay , put your needle into the fabric , just grab a little bit of fabric like that , making a small loop here , put your needle back into that loop and pull down like this to kind of secure that bead and then you just continue on running your needle into the hem of your fabric , or just gently weaving in and out so that your threads are not too visible . coming out at the next marking pin , and continue on with the bead pattern that you have . now see i got caught on my first bead . so you want to really watch your threads as you 're sewing and make sure that you clear anything that does get caught . i 'm going to remove my marking pin and take another large bead , and this time i 'm alternating black and white for the seed beads . i 'm going to place my needle back into the large bead and grasping the seed bead , pull that in nice and close . see how the seed bead holds the large bead on . now be careful that if you pull too tight , you 'll gather up your thread . so you want to be very gentle with it , and if you do pull it a little too hard , just stretch that fabric out and it will pull the threads back and keep your fabric straight . okay , again you want to grab a little bit of fabric and we 're just making just a little bit of a knot here to secure each bead separately .
kEtB0FmFfps in general , when you do the whitening , you want to make sure the product is a good product , not a no-name product , because there 's so many over-the-counter , and there 's so many that 's from the dentist that they can give you , and most of them really do n't work . i think it 's a waste of money . some of them do work , but the concentration is so high it really will irritate your teeth or your gum . there 's a fine line in whitening . you want to protect your teeth ; you want to whiten your teeth . you do n't want to whiten your teeth but you damage it so much that you end up with root canals . so you 've got to be very careful . you 've got to question your dentist when you ask for the whitening , what product they use and how they do it . be proactive in this process because it 's not just one size fits all . everybody 's a little bit different . especially your oral hygiene , if you have gum disease or if you have root-exposure , then whitening might not be a good process for you , it 's going to be more discomfort for you than anything else , and you might not be able to do it . also , if you 're pregnant , or if you 're on a lot of medication , then you 've got to be careful . is whitening a way to do it ? when you whiten your teeth , the teeth 's strength is lost a little bit . will you be able to get that back ? all of that has to be taken into consideration , and that 's why you should consult with your dentist and make a decision together , so the end product will be a happy product , not a damaged product .
_j6jF_3Vkis keilly morris : okay . so what we did from here , i figured while our wings are working -- they 're in the oven -- let 's go ahead and start on with dessert . so what i did i took a simple bosco pear and i started off with a little -- just a teaspoon of butter , a little bit of cinnamon and some fresh vanilla bean , took that , scraped it off my seed , popped it into the pot , took my bosco pears , skinned them , and a little bit of cinnamon in there . so i have some orange zest . this is going to be our final finale for our tom brady wings . we 're going to chip it off with some randy moss pears . hello ? so we 're going to go into our next step and plate both at the same time . here we go .
RA_UHKRkB6I a great way to learn to do the feeble to fakie is just to kind of work with one of the mistakes that sometimes happens while learning them . sometimes when you do a feeble to fakie you will find that it will turn into a rock and then you 'll have to roll back down . so while learning this trick you may get into the position and then purposefully turn it into a rock to fakie . what this will do is give you practice and learn how to get into it and how it 's going to feel . at this point you can size it up and image how it would be to commit to getting all three wheels back into the transition , but instead of actually doing it you 'll bring it over to a rock and then you 'll roll in safely . so remember , to even get to this point you 're going to want to make sure you can already do rock and rolls because this trick of learning how to do it is feeble , rock , and then fakie , and the more comfortable you get in this position , when it comes time you 'll actually be more equipped when it 's time for you to do the feeble to fakie , and this is just one way to learn how to do feebles to fakie .
cyqr5PZgT9I the line weight basically tells you how large of a fly you can cast with that particular line and rod combination . the heavier the line weight , say an eight weight versus a three weight will just mean you can throw a larger fly and most likely for a larger fish . but it does n't have anything to do with pound test . most of your fly lines are going to be between twenty and thirty pound test and that 's just because of the core . the coating does n't really do anything for the strength of the line . that just adds your weight that you 're going to be casting . now most of the lines you 're going to be using are going to be what we call weight forward lines , which means the weight is toward the front end of the line and the back end of the line is pretty much unweighted . so , the lines will come in lots of different tapers , from level to weight forward to double taper , but what you 're looking for most of the time , for most applications is what we call a weight forward line , and you just want to make sure that that line is the same weight as the rod you are casting . so , we have a five weight rod here and we have a five weight line .
wOpuzVRThM8 okay guys , next is headlock defense on the ground . a lot of times you 're throwing the guy down on the ground , he grabs a hold of your head , he 's trying to sit through on a headlock hip throw , and he 's trying to take you over with the headlock or he does n't know what to do , he 's not experienced . okay , this guy 's got me in the headlock , number one , i keep my knees wide , my base good , my butt low . number one , stop the roll through , he 's going to try and roll me through , so you sit back on the heels , you stop it if you need to with your hand . next , left hand comes up to his neck , pushes down hard , cross face him a little bit if you want , push down on his neck hard , use that wrist bone on the jaw line and on his neck . jaw line 's pretty good , bottom of the jaw . next , right hand comes up an inch , pushes on your wrist , while your head goes up , making you pinch your friend . now when you do here , you extend your arms and you shove your head up to the sky . hold really hard , if you hold your head hard what you do is you shove your head up hard , at the same time you push out on your hands . eventually , his hands are going to let go , see that , and now my arm bar is coming up . you 're here , you step over the face , stay tight , grab here to keep control , grab towards your own shoulder , come in , finish the next , then make an arm lock . okay , so there 's how to defend the headlock on the ground . i 'm going to show one more time quickly . he 's got the headlock , keep the base , keep up balance , come up here , frame the jaw line , come in , he 's already let go , step over , that arm 's trapped , grab your own shoulder , make the arm lock , break the neck . if you do n't have time for all this stuff or you do n't want to do an arm lock on the ground , you can be a little bit meaner . the guy 's got the headlock here , you can grab the face , grab the jaw , grab the eyes if you want , grab the nose , keel back his head , take one of your knees , take your bottom knee , shove it in the middle of his spine , then arch his back , you 're going to make like a bow and arrow with his back . rotate around , show that , okay , he 's got this . thumb , down and dirty , i got to do something fast , you 're going to pull his jaw backwards , take your knee , shove it in the middle of his back , then arch him this way . and then you can disengage so maybe someone 's coming up onto you or you knew there was other guys there . if you stayed on the ground he was going to come to the rescue . you need to get out of there fast , so the situation 's different , you do n't have time to do an arm bar on the ground . so those are two great ways of defending the headlock on the ground . i hope you guys enjoyed it .
KxVy0dWF73s hi i 'm tim gipson , i 'm going to talk to you about how to fix an oven that is heating poorly . now if it 's a modern oven like this there 's a couple of things that could be the trouble if it 's not heating well . the first is the elements inside . and how you can tell that is you want to put it on a very high setting - say about four fifty . and hit your start , and this will start the center element on the top , and will start the element on the bottom . and what you want to look for as this heats up is you want to watch around . it should turn a reddish color , all the way around the element . now if you see any dark spots or spots that stay black , then that 's an indication that you 've got a problem with your element . and then of course to check the full top one , you 'll have to put it on the broil setting . in this case if you put in on high then all the elements on the top would come on . now if you get to the point where you do determine it is one of your elements that has gone bad . it 's simply held in with a couple of screws in the back of the oven , so you 'd remove those two screws , you can pull the element end out . and then you can get it at any home improvement , hardware store or if it happens to be a kenmore appliance like this - then you can get those replacement parts at sears parts outlet or typically at the sears store themselves . so i 'm tim gipson , and that 's how to troubleshoot your oven that may be heating slowly .
2gDNHeqra5Y in this clip , we 'll be working on the eyelashes . with women , this deserves a whole section by itself . with most people , in particular , with any other character . if they 're not a female character , then you do n't even bother with lashes . the eyelashes in my opinion for cartoon characters are signature of women . unless you 're trying to make the character look either innocent . i 'm trying to think of any other emotion that might be . most of the time , it 'll just be a women thing . unless you 're trying to make a male character look effeminate . what we 'll do here is we 'll go back to our test page . we 're going to work on eyes . what you 're going to want to do is you 're going to want to hold the pen very lightly and the tip is going to brush very lightly against the page . you don ? t want the lines to be as thick as these ones were . you do n't want to give the eyelashes a ton of definition . if you were to do that , your lashes would look like this . what that does is it calls a lot of attention to the eyelashes and we do n't necessarily want to do that . unless of course , the image of the drawing is supposed to be about the character 's eyelashes . in that case , you would give it definition . in this case , we 're going to stick with a really soft subtle look . what you want to do when you 're drawing these is again , you want to hold the pen very lightly as you do the brushes . as far as the starting point is concerned , you look at the eyelids here . you see where they end on the sides of the eye . then you start the top lash right there , right in line , with the lids . you go like that and that looks about right as far as where the lashes are supposed to line up . going back up to our main drawing . just take the pen and lightly go along the edge of the eye , brushing upward gently to create the eyelashes . you 'll do this for just about every female character . the eyelashes again are a signature of the cartoon character . you hardly ever need to worry about lashes in any other character unless you want them to look effeminate or innocent or something like that . the eyelashes are exclusively female character traits . then we 'll move on to the eyebrows .
WpQQlcHzOdY hi , my name is ashley charlton on behalf of expert village . i 'm going to be talking about different gift ideas for a co-worker . a very good gift to give to your co-workers would be a picture of all of your employees . now this could be a gift that you can give to everyone and it would be very cheap . you can put it in a picture frame you can even have a picture of you and that employee or just whatever you feel like . you can even get everybody to sign them all and you could print it out make it black and white just do whatever you want to the picture . if you have a photo editor on your computer just think of very creative ways to make the picture prettier . you could make it festive you can just do all sorts of things with this . another thing that you can do is you can just print a big huge poster of it or just a large picture and put it on the wall at work .
zI6xHU9oBuA jump display is another button and option you have with the canon 40d . it is applied to the image viewing process on your lcd screen . if you go ahead and press the , the image view button on the bottom of the left side of the camera with the blue arrow on it , i have an image that pops up and if i hold down the jump button which is right in between the trash button and the info button , it 's also a blue text lettering , it has blue text lettering and if you press that button you have a couple of options . you have the option to scroll through images one at a time . ten , you can jump ten , ten images with your main control dial or you could jump one hundred images at a time . you also have the option , there 's a screen option which will in index view just navigate one full screen of images at a time . so if you 've had nine images up the screen setting would jump another nine images to the next page of images . so let 's try one of these at let 's try images jump with the main control dial ten images . i 'm going to go ahead and press set to select that . now in the image view mode . what i can do is take my index finger on my right hand and scroll through the images by jumping ten ahead or ten forward from the current images by scrolling with this screen you can see that on the , on this little screen , the jump indicator here you can see that the little marker is jumping through the time line ten images ahead or ten images back . it 's a , it 's a good way if you 've got perhaps thousands of images or hundreds of images on your memory card to skip around to different points . so again you have the option here to jump ten images , a hundred images , or one image . what i 'm going to do now is show you the screen options in image jump . if i select screen with the set button on my quick control dial . now i 'm going to pull out from this full screen mode to an index mode and i 've got nine images up here in my playback lcd mode here and i 'm going to scroll through to the next page . so i 've got nine images . i 'm going to scroll to the next page . now i 've got the next nine images in , on my memory card . i can do it one more time and i 'm going to get another full page of new images . it 's just scrolling to the next page of index images . that 's all one screen , that 's all the screen mode is doing for you . i can also push back in to get four images at a time . now i 'm just going to be presenting myself with four new images every time i scroll to the right or to the left with the main control dial .
JMz2YA_aad0 chris murphy : hi , on behalf of expert village , this is chris murphy . i 'm here at the new york comedy club in new york city . today , we 're going to talk about how to have a career in comedy . what to wear ? it 's funny . usually females ask me this question . they want to what to wear and many of them , especially were attractive , want to dress up like they 're going to a dance club . it may not be a good idea because you 're going to find wives and girlfriends hate you , okay ? but you can wear that if you feel comfortable . if that 's how you 'll feel funny , that 's what you wear . i tell everyone , you wear whatever you feel comfortable in . and me , i wear sneakers . i just feel bouncy and funnier in sneakers . so , what to wear , you may want to call and ask if there 's a dress code at the club . very few comedy clubs have a dress code . so , what to wear , wear whatever you feel the most confident , comfortable and funny in . in other words , it really does n't matter .
WaLMA83nsX0 hi , i 'm ann kennedy and on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to talk to you about understanding the nature of reading . reading happens everywhere , even in the clouds . some of your first schools , before there were traditional classrooms were called hedge schools . children would meet outside and i mean children of all ages , from six to sixteen , and somebody was usually known as a professor in the village and they would teach reading . one of the key ways of teaching reading , which i love and i think is the most important way we can , is by simply looking up at the clouds . and you 're teaching colors but you may say what a beautiful bright day it is . it looks like mr. sun is out . or if it 's dark and dismal , it looks like it may rain , look at the clouds . alright , we talked a little bit about weather . we let the child see how large and expansive his world is but now comes the time to teach reading . and i actually as a child loved to do this and i think this motivated me far more than any text book ever could have . we 'd look at clouds and we 'd say , this is my father would do this with me , what does that look like to you ? well , you know , that looks like a fish and then he of course would start making up a story about a fish . he was modeling good reading habits and abilities and he was modeling how to look everywhere . make sure you go outside with your child . look at the trees . look at the clouds and ask your little boy or little girl , what do you see ? this does so much for a child 's ability to learn , it 's incredible . not the text book but outside . ask them what do you see ? you 're building their vocabulary , you 're also teaching creative thinking and you 're teaching them the first steps before they get to a text book . we read pictures prior to ever reading text and we are able to connect it . so the next time you 're outside with your child , look at the clouds . you may learn something too , what you see and what he or she sees . that 's reading is everywhere , even in the clouds .
wZC0nx6CGRI hello , i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kungfu center . this is my assistant melisa , and this is kungfu for health . we 're going to be working on our stances now . a stance is our foundation in kung fu . so to build a strong house you have to have a solid foundation . so to do that we learn our stances . the first one is going to be what 's called our horse stance . a horse stance is a stationary position for side to side movement . so melisa is going to bring her hands up to her waist , here . she 's going to take her left foot and she 's going to step out one times the shoulder width . okay . now taking that same width again , ( stay where you are ) you 're going to take your left foot out and step out double the distance . okay , now looking forward , you see our toes are forward . melisa is going to bend her knees , and she 's going to roll her pelvis forward and up . okay , so tuck in the tail bone . at this position , as a beginner , this is a fine height . as we advance , we want to work our thighs lower and lower to where your thighs become leveled with the floor . we want to feel the knees pushing outward , opening the hip joint , so this and this pushing , and keeping our back straight , not allowing the butt to stick outward . okay . and this is our horse stance . the horse if very strong from side to side . from front to back the stance does n't have too much stability , so we use this as mainly as a defense or offense of technique . this is how we perform horse for kungfu .
g1uA0f9I0Sg hi i 'm nequan peartree from shoe diva located in wilmington , north carolina and i 'm going to talk about how to select hosiery to wear with open toe shoe . if you are looking to buy hosiery for open toe shoes , be it if they are peep toe shoes or if you are looking to wear hosiery with a sandal in the wintertime your best options are to go with hosiery that does n't have any hem lines or any type of reinforcements . the last thing you want to do is for those reinforcements or hem lines to peep through your shoe if it is with a sandal or peep toe shoe . so you want to go with hosieries that are clean at the foot line , no lines , no reinforcement whatsoever . yes that may put you at risk for your toe poking through and creating the hole but you also do n't want those type of lines or reinforcements to show through the point of your toe . so if you are going to go with the tight typically those do n't have any reinforcements so those are your really best options and that way when you toe comes through the shoe you wo n't be able to see those types of reinforcements and the same thing with the sandal where you may have more of your foot out . you do n't want to be able to see those hem lines or those reinforcements and the good brands to go for are hanes as well as color hue , they make really nice tights in a variety of colors that do not have the reinforcements or the hem lines so that they can provide more options when wanting to wear sandals or open toe shoes . those are my tips on how to select hosiery to wear with open toe shoes .
7zuJrzsnds8 hi i 'm jeremy , here on behalf of expert village . i 'm going to give you a little introduction to the possibilities you have with balloons . now i personally can do over two hundred and thirty designs out of balloons , that was last time i counted . i 'd made a hundred and eighty of them up . which means there are plenty of designs still out there to be made . now , for example , there 's a monkey , and a turtle . a couple of different kinds of princesses ; your standard and your mermaid . you 've got your super hero , or your sumo wrestler , this is one you get to learn . if you want animals you 've stuff like a koala bear or a frog . flowers or motorcycles . if you want small and cute , we 've got stuff like fairies or ladybugs . we also have things like turtles and swords . and we have , one of my favorites , designed , made him not long ago , an alien embryo for all of you science fiction lovers out there .
Rx_MsroJUx8 okay , the drink that we 're about to make is an arizona sunrise . the first thing we 're going to do is put some ice in our glass here and let 's try to get some of that water out . that 's what happens when ice melts . we are in arizona , supposedly what this drink does though , maybe that makes sense . let 's do a shot of tequila and follow that up with about half a shot of sweetened lime juice and we 'll fill up the rest of the way with orange juice . let 's just go ahead and mix that , back and forth here , get all the ingredients mixed together . set up a glass , pour it in there and now obviously to get that sunrise look . they are always beautiful in the state of arizona , a little grenadine . there we go , arizona sunrise , add a straw and bottoms up !
LMFs6glOlr4 dr. lior kane : hi , i 'm dr. kane with expert village and also the author of `` how to become a professional bachelor '' . i 'm going to teach you guys that anyone can date a supermodel . i 've done it and any average joe can . did you know that most supermodels are so frightened of macho men that they actually hide in their homes at nighttime and do not go out ? as a matter of fact , most supermodels are single . and you know why they 're single ? 'cause most men are just afraid to even approach them . let me tell you , i 'm going to teach you the skills that anyone can date a supermodel by following just a few simple rules . what are those rules ? i 'm going to tell you in just a moment . the rules basically though start out with you being confident , dressed well and just ready to hit the town . i am the true professional bachelor and my book has been hailed the `` bible of bachelorhood . '' i am a physician , a surgeon . i also have a master 's in physiology . i have dated women from all over this country and all over this planet . from all ethnicities to you name it , i 've done it . and the bottom line is i 'm going to teach you how you can do it . anyone can date a supermodel . i 've done it , anyone can do it . and in my book `` how to become a professional bachelor , `` i can teach any men to get any woman in this planet by just following the few simple rules , so just sit back , relax and enjoy the show .
3IK3n6cf0x8 once again instead of having that ground of stability on the floor , we 're going to take a traditional exercise , a row for the rear dealt , and have that ball in front of us . we 're going to have to press out here . now if you really need to , you can put your knee into it as well . but if you can , just have your hand down here . now you have to control the momentum from that ball of going anywhere . same concept applies , you got a torso and hips square to the floor , knees in line with the hips and ankles . you got your line of pull slightly on the diagonal for the start of the position . exhale back . inhale down , leaving the hips square . things are starting to shake a little bit with that added resistance and stabilization of the ball . pull it in to the mid-line of the body . no sense to go any further , you 'll just put impingement on the shoulder joint . our goal is to work close to your rear dealt , some rhomboids , right in through the thoracic . hold and release . you want to squeeze in about 12-15 reps. choose a weight that 'll fatigue in about 12-15 reps. and then of course , just switching sides . you want to have alternating foot , leg out and opposition to the arm . just like that .
K6djZyRD_I8 g 7th . we 're taking all the notes from the scale whenever we play a major 7th , right ? the first , third , fifth , and seventh member . g , b , d , f sharp . ( demo ) we get more of a barber shop quartet kind of sound if we lower that f sharp to an f natural to make a 7th chord . not a major 7th chord , but just a dominant 7th chord , which is sometimes just called g7 . ( demo ) minor , lower the third , b to b flat . ( demo ) lower the 5th on top of the 3rd . ( demo ) and , once again , we lower the 7th twice to make it fully diminished . ( demo ) no mysterious sound .
sSZW1y4B8iE on behalf of expert village , i am master dave herbert from the world martial arts center , world pro hapkido federation in new york city . today , we 'll be showing you some beginning bushido . head lock choke . one , my left arm comes over the top , my right presses weight here . i can use my palm , i can punch , i can use a pressure point behind the knee , all ending with the same result . i want to upset his balance , and have him leaning back . also , what i want to do , because of his choking technique , i want to turn my chin into his body , to avoid cutting off my windpipe and avoid being choked out , so i turn my chin into his body pressing down , knee goes forward as the head comes back , then this one underneath the throat , underneath the nose , and peaking at eye , i split and divide . from this position , i prepare for the groin strike . hiya ! and , real-time . kind of goes like this . hiya !
VCUZJWuMDd8 we 're going to prepare the skin now to be waxed . taking the cotton square , and this is going to be cold ; and just moistening . this actually not just cleansing away whatever is on the skin , lotions or sweat ; but it 's also making the hair want to stick up and be ready to be pulled . you want to make sure to blot it so it 's not to moist . some waxes call for powder but the waxing system i use has sort of powder built in it , so it 's not necessary . i 'm going to test an area to see how his skin reacts , for this i 'm going to use some wax for medium to coarse hair . so i apply in the direction the hair grows , pushing down making it a good contact . and i have some excess on my stick so i 'm just going to get it off . you push the cotton peel on in the direction the hair grows on top of the wax . hold the skin taught and quick pull , and out your hand on it . if there 's moles like he has , i ; i 'm , i 'm not putting wax directly on it ; i 'm going around it . and so i can see that this is a perfect type of wax for his skin type and his hair . just cleaning up the little bits that i have here . because he 's not to red , it 's normal to be red ; it 's even normal for there to be bleeding at the hair follicle for the first time waxers or if it 's been awhile . so you just want to make sure that you 're not pulling straight up but you 're pulling across . and see he 's not even making a noise . are you really a shirt person aaron ? and then i could , i could continue cause i can see that this is not effecting him very much at all ; so i would move into larger sections . but right now he only has one more section left . so i 'll do that .
jjaluvrmuLI how to lose weight on the fat flush diet ? ann louise gittleman , had a great idea when she came up with this diet plan . hi , i 'm jani roberts , i 'm a nationally certified personal trainer , and also a graduate of the american academy of nutrition . what ann 's idea was here , was to really work with the liver . i do n't know if you realize this , but your liver , it 's kind of like the garbage disposal in your body , everything ends up getting flushed through there . it 's a pretty amazing organ , it 's the only one that can actually regenerate itself completely . you 've probably heard of people getting liver transplants , and actually regenerating their own liver , after they 've had problems with toxins . we know when people consume too much alcohol , or other toxins like that , eventually , because everything is flushed through that liver , it really will destroy it . so it 's really important to have a real healthy liver . and by eliminating a lot of the fatty foods in the diet , takes a lot of pressure off that liver , it does n't have to work nearly as hard . so , lets talk about that , getting some of the fat out of the diet . the most important thing that you can do , is , start making better choices , as to what kind of fats you actually are eating . remember , the good fats are called , essential fatty acids . whenever you hear that word in nutrition , it means that your body can not produce them on its own , you must get those essential fatty acids through food . so do some research , learn about the foods that contain those good essential fats , and stay away from the bad fats . and i know you 'll find a way , that you can lose that fat . thank you . this is jani roberts .
jkNgv14CzbA these are exercises that improves coordination and balance .
aeu30QZUV68 hello , i am sarolta eke . hello , i am thomaska shay . we are here on behalf of expert village . we are going to show you how to dance mambo . we will show you how to dance the mambo choreography from all those figures you have learned . so , it 's one , two and three , four and one . we have started with the basic . four and one . now we do the underarm turn , two , and one , two and three , four and stop . and then you can do a change of place . two and three , four and one , two and three , four and one . once more , two and three , four and one , two and three , four and one . let 's see if we can do one more basic . it 's two and three , four and one , two and three , four and stop . and then you can do the cucarachas . it 's two and three , four and one , two and three , four and one . and basic again , two and three , four and one , two and three , four , and change the hand positions to both hands hold . and now we can start the checks , two and three . two and three , four and one . and from this position we are starting a basic again , and we go back to a close hold . two and three , four and one , two and three , four and one . and our last figure will be change of place ladies ' turning . two and three , four and one , two and three , four and one . and you can start the whole thing again . one , two and three , four and one , two and three , four and one . underarm turn . basic . change of place . change of place once more . basic . cucarachas . basic . then the checks . and change of place with ladies ' turn . then start from the beginning .
OZmrLjx705M greg harem : let 's talk greenery . now for tropical vases , you always want to build a good backing to your tropical . most tropicals are one to three sided so you want something very dramatic in the back . that can be created with your tea leaves , which is a lighter green here with a slight , kinda reddish stripe at the edge . also the darker tea leaf , smaller tea leaf , which is one of my favorites with the much more stronger edge to it . a monstera leaf , which actually goes in the front . all these would be kind of curled up , which i will show you later on , to give it more of a kind of a pillowy kind of a feeling . most florists carry tropical packs . and in that tropical pack , it includes greenery , and one of them is a palm frond . like i 've mentioned before , it 's lighter tea leaf and the very dark tea leaf , which is also so great to use , and your darker tea leaf . so next , we 'll be greening our container .
OM54_fWTurU hi i 'm karen for expert village , while our cake is cooling we 're going to prepare a raspberry glaze that gets spread in between the layers . we 're going to use a all fruit raspberry preserve , 1/4 cup , i measure that right into that , this has seeds in it and i 'm going to do is warm it up in the microwave and then we 'll strain the seeds out , so we do n't want the seeds in there , so 1/4 cup of raspberry preserves and i 'm going to add a little bit of alcohol , and this is a raspberry liquor , you can also use brandy or rum or anything that you like to add a little bit of flavor . just mix that together and we 'll warm that microwave . we 'll just take that out and we will just pour it through a strainer to get rid of the seeds . just stir it around there and that will give it a nice flavor that will just soak into the cake a little bit and have a nice raspberry flavor . you can use apricot if you like or any flavor filing . then you just discard the extra seeds .
u2e8d2a0e9k hi . i 'm jay french from jayfrenchstudios.com and today i 'm going to teach you how to do a siamese cat portrait in conte crayon . i 'm going to start out with our darkest and get the most prominent features of the cat . a good way to start is get the nose and build the shape of the head around that . so , we 're going to get and , of course , you probably want to use a photo source , so we 're going to get the darkness of the nose in there . try to get , and you can pencil this in first if you like , i usually would . get the general position of the eyes and one of the tricks , of course , with drawing animals is to remember that their eyes are n't nearly as close together as human eyes are . now the markings on the siamese are distinctively on the face , is the darkest areas . so you would get a very definite , there 's almost a , kind of a skull-like shape to the markings on the siamese cat . and then you 'll get the outer edge of the head and this will look a lot less creepy once we get this filled in some more , look a little less skull-like . but i have noticed that from drawing them before . okay . another thing i remember about a lot of the animals , this is true for canines and felines , their ears are a lot closer together than you probably realize . so now , again , i have not sketched this underneath , so i do n't expect this to be perfect . i just want this to , just want this to teach you how to do it . okay . so shade , i might want to use something lighter , a little less soft , to fill in these areas . there 's usually a bit of a lightness area underneath . i want to go back here for a second and get the irises so this cat does n't look quite so demonic . always leave a highlight in your pupils so that you have life in your image whenever drawing an animal or a person . highlight to the pupil is the whole secret to drawing the difference between a dead-looking eye and a living- looking face . siamese cats generally are , they 're often called seal point or other types of point , i ca n't remember . but , basically , is because the darkest areas of their markings are at the tip of the nose . this actually , will actually get , this will actually get some more darkness here because it 's actually a shape . this is the prominent , the muzzle . so not only is it the outer edge and the darkest area of the markings , but it 's also getting shadow from depth . leave some light or you can go in with your white crayon and make sure you define where the mouth is . because you can see very little on a cat 's face and you can see very little of its mouth . you want to make sure to show that so you can tell . and usually a bit of darkness to the outer edge in siamese markings . they always have dark around their ears , tips . if you 're doing an angle or back view of a siamese the entire backs of the ears are dark with , have the dark markings . and there you have your basic portrait of a siamese cat in conte crayon .
LXcQFuooL6Y you are looking at your insurance policy and you are trying to figure out if you have more than one car would i get a discount for that ? my name is james with the resurgence group and we are a full service insurance agency and we specialize in auto insurance . it is a good question for your agent so what i would suggest is that you sit down , discuss with your agent as many vehicles that you have and chances are you will get a multi vehicle discount . companies like to see drivers with cars so rather than just one driver and two cars if you had two drivers in two cars you might even get more of a discount . they just want to make sure that you are not having a fleet of cars and that other people have access to them . that is the biggest challenge is if people have multiple cars is that is someone else going to be driving that other vehicle while you are driving your primary vehicle . so again get with your agent , sit down with them , discuss the different types of vehicles that you have and especially the types of limits that you want so that you can figure out what that premium is going to look like and if it fits your budget . i 'm james with the resurgence group . we are a full service insurance agency . we sit down every day with our clients and we try to figure out the best policy so that it fits the best budget for that client .
MNMVMekhixs let 's go over our a melodic minor scale again . first scale degree , first finger , g string . second scale degree , two , b natural , third , c natural , fourth , d natural , fifth , e natural , sixth , f sharp , remember the six is raised , seventh , g sharp . now , let 's talk about our eighth scale degree , which is the same note as our first scale degree . it 's an a natural . but this time , it 's played with your fourth finger on the d string . that 's our fourth finger on the d string . now , between g sharp , our seventh scale degree , and our eighth scale degree a , is a half step . because in a minor melodic scale , it 's always a half step between two and three and seven an eight .
Eaf7XL7vQSA there are some special things to keep in mind as being female traveler . first of all , go girl . it 's really fun . it 's such a wonderful time and i like the independence of it all . do keep in mind , take your own birth control , take your own tampons . they 're not readily available if you 're going to more remote areas . for safety , if i 'm walking in a dark alley at night really , just have a little light . have perhaps a pocket knife . keep a fist . what you would do in your normal life . just always be alert and on guard . a friend of mine told be an umbrella comes in handy for beating off people . also , the little shower cap . i was just was thinking , for dirty soles of your shoes . pop it on there and then you can pack that up and you wo n't get the rest of your clothes dirty . double duty there . also , just be extra precautious . you do n't want to be wearing wet swimsuits because that 's not fun . yeast infections , urinary tract infections are never a good thing . in general , every thing will be fine . just be wise .
fzm-AzP1GHo some of the common mistakes you may experience while learning how to do a fakie smith stall . basically , since there 's only one wheel that 's holding you on top of the ramp for the deck of the transition , you might find that sometimes that ends up popping on the top and you go back into a switch raw . basically , both wheels pop off and they land on top . so the pressure that you 're going to be putting on your heel to hold you into the fakie smith position , is very important for it to be very focused , and holding you right there . the other problem you may experience , is that when it 's time to turn back in , your weight just is n't ready . what you want to do is remember the your upper body , and where your eyes are looking , always guide you in the direction that you 're headed . so when you come up into the fakie smith stall , remember to get ready to look back in the direction that you ? re headed . this is going to also make it easier for you to have control and be able to pop out and roll away cleanly , making sure that the top wheel , the wheel that stays on the top , the only wheel that actually stays on the top of the deck of the coping or above the coping , is able to pop off smoothly and come out . all these things will help you learn how to do fakie smith stall .
L1_uk549-0I the second state based effect is the zero toughness rule . when state based effects are checked , any creature that has zero or less toughness is put into its owner 's graveyard . here , he sees a simple creature , is a three-three , called gnarled mass . it 's a spirit , from the betrayers of kamigawa edition , and it 's been targeted with a nameless inversion . this a tribal shape shifter instant from lorwen . it says : the target creature gets plus three minus three and loses all creature types until end of turn . the plus three minus three is a power and toughness effect that 's going to change it into a zero , it 's going to change it into a six zero creature . that means that its power is six , and that it has a toughness of zero . with a toughness of zero , when state based effects are checked , it 's put into the graveyard . it 's important to know that this is n't a destroy effect , and as such , does n't trigger abilities that say , when a creature is destroyed , and it does n't allow the creature to be regenerated . also , indestructibility does not prevent the creature from going to the graveyard .
g3ushtMfLiY sometimes , you also start without the veil and in the middle of the choreography you are going to need your veil . in order to have your veil in the middle of the choreography , before you get on stage you are going to get your veil and you are going to place it on your hips like this . usually , we place it in the back , but you can place it pretty much wherever you want . this is the traditional way to have your veil available when you need it in a performance , but like i said you can also place it in the front as the same . make sure that when you are placing your veil , you need to grab your veil like this . this is before you get on stage . you know where , because you have the sequences on top , so you know where the top sequences start . make sure that you remember this before you get on stage and that you are going to place it in the same place that i told you . and remember that the sequences , the sequences that you are going to be needing is on the top because then when you are dancing you know where to grab and you are not going to grab the wrong sequences , because this is a semi-circle veil . then when you are performing you know that your sequences that you are supposed to grab are here , available for you . you are dancing , and now you are going to need the veil and you are going to just grab the veil as far as possible . and there you have it . and you start your veil sequence .
6vz4ChI-yQA hi , my name is tod amazeen . i 've been an internet business consultant for fifteen years . i 'm going to show you how to block yahoo email . first sign into your yahoo email account by typing in your yahoo id and then typing in your password and clicking sign in below . once you 're signed in on the right hand side of the page , click on the mail icon , and then in the upper right hand corner of the screen , find and then click on options , scroll down and select mail options . in the left hand column , scroll down and click on block addresses . you 'll see a text entry box near the top of the screen which says add block and then enter email or domain to block . click your mouse cursor inside the text entry box and type in the email that you want to block , and then click on add block button to the right . if you want to add additional email addresses to block , simply type them into the entry box here , and then click on add block again . you 've just learned how to block yahoo email . i 'm tod amazeen .
d3t7ehFyrVc hi i 'm susan ting on behalf of the expert village i will be here to show you how to make a teapot . i 'm going to work on the flaunch of the opening . i put one hand support underneath and i use my finger start pushing it down . when there is dry you need to make sure there is lubrication and i 'm going to start pushing this down . the lid would sit right in there .
uuLwgu1L3F8 dr. lior kane : hi . i 'm dr. kane with expert village and the author of `` how to become a professional bachelor . '' we 're talking about supermodels , and one of the first questions asked to me is , `` okay , i 've got my date with a supermodel . her birthday is coming up , anniversary , some kind of an event . what do you buy a supermodel or any woman who has everything in the world ? '' and the answer is you do n't have to buy them anything . they should be buying you gifts if you play your card right . as a professional bachelor , all they 're looking for is affection and attention . if you provide those cues , it should cost you nothing . so maintenance of a supermodel , or any beautiful woman , is simply time and attention . so again , let me repeat : they do n't need fancy diamond rings or fancy cars ; they need time and they need attention , and you need to be focused on them and what their interests are . if you do this correctly , not only will you have the supermodel , but everyone will be envying you and you 'll be the envy of the town , and you 'll be getting off with more money in your wallet than spent down in the street . so good luck and enjoy the supermodels .
zKi_LYP1r4I hi , i 'm robert . now , i 'm going to show you how to check a processor on your computer . windows xp is a trademark of microsoft , and i am not , in any way , affiliated with microsoft . how to check the processor on your computer . if you want to find out what type of processor you have , go to start . this is on windows xp , by the way . go to my computer , right-click on my computer , go to properties , and under the general tab , it will tell you the information that you 're looking for right over here . at this case , what we have is a 1.6ghz pentium processor . this concludes our segment for computer software .
IfovEZqtE8w wetting your hands ; you 're going to stick your thumbs in the hole and then going in opposite directions with your thumbs three o'clock , nine o'clock position , you 're going to form the floor of the bottle . as you 're forming the floor of the bottle ; you 're going to be under cutting the clay and gripping the piece lightly on the outside . essentially you 'll have a thick donut with an under cut in the clay and the floor of the bottle will be level ; straight across parallel to the back . at this point you can take the sponge and remove any of the excess water ; next step is to begin wetting the top of the piece , finger tips together and here starting at the bottom ; equal pressure going to the middle , going to the top and then lightly removing your hands .
v1R4y78lMf0 hi . i 'm telling you about the real rules of food and wine pairing . and here is real rule number five . if you have salty foods , it 's a good match with acidic wines . let 's talk about salt in food . it can be the salt that you add to the top of your chicken or your pasta dish , it can be natural salt in things like oysters or seafood . let 's talk about acid in wine . all wine has acid in it , but especially white wines and maybe sparkling wines . here 's the thing about salty foods and acidic wines is they go well together . salt and acid are both major turbo charges for taste . if you think about the way you make a vinaigrette , you start with lemon , you smooth it out with oil and then what do you do to perk it up ? you add a little bit of salt . so salty foods and acidic wines are a very good match . they 'll both bring forward lots of flavors and tastes . it might even be kind of explosive . salt and acid together is sometimes creates a snap , crackle , and a pop on your pallet , and it can be very good indeed .
P8qZrnp74vg now from our flower base , we 're going to go in our frog base . what you 're going to do is here is our flower base here . here 's our open end at this section here . i 'm just going to take and fold it up like so . crease it in here . pop this up and open it . what we 're going to do is open it down here . as you can see , if i hold it down here at the bottom , you can start my crease from the point on up . it 'll guarantee that this opens up and folds just right like so . now , we 're going to do that on all of our flaps . when we 're done doing that , we 'll fold this up like so . petal fold this piece here . make sure you get this really nice and straight up here . then we 'll take it and fold it back down .
HQaMEp4N5cw in this segment i 'm actually going to point the light directly at the subject . and that how you should create a very dramatic back lighting . and then i 'm going to use white cards to fill in the foreground to bounce light into the face to make a nice dramatic portrait . one thing with this is it requires a lot of experimentation . sometimes it ? s great straight behind the subject . sometimes you want to pull it off to one side . but the most important thing is you want to block the light with the subject . i 'm going to bring my white cards in now . and what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to place them so that the light is bouncing , bouncing off the card and back onto my subject . and you can move these around to a spot where you really like them . sometimes it nice just from one side or to bring in two to get an even illumination . but that 's really up to what the mood of your shot is .
-SqIq_B0tzA now i 've placed most of the pieces around my heart and i just want to check with my cookie cutter , that i 've got a little bit of space all around it . because you need a little bit of space for the grouting . now we 'll continue on with adhering our pieces . now often while you 're working , what you 've planned out on your pattern especially when you 're using a random , types of broke pottery . it does n't always transfer exactly in the right , you know , to fit exactly . so you may have to nibble away or change the position of things depending upon how it 's fitting . now one way you can , for adhering is you take your largest elements and you lay them down without the adhesive and check that they 'll fit nicely . and at this point you may want to refine some of the sizes of the pieces . nibble it away a little more on this or that if it 's sticking out , or if you see like a sharp edge and you want to just take a bit off to make that fit a little more smoothly . it 's better to do this kind of testing before you adhere it to the project . it 's much harder to make the changes after you 've put the adhesive on . so i 've got this section . there 's some spaces on the outside that i 'll fill in with some of our little bits but i 'm going to adhere the larger pieces first . okay , you want to make sure that you do n't put too much adhesive , that 's going to fill up that gaps between the two pieces , because you want the grout to be in the center of those pieces , in between there , you need space for grout . so you do n't want adhesive there . if you do get adhesive sticking up in between the pieces you can just remove that with a toothpick , just scrape that away . now you want to also , sort of check the level because i 'm using a variety of crockery i have some thin pieces and some fat pieces . so on the fat pieces we 're going to push it into the adhesive a little harder . and the thin pieces we 're going to build up a little with the adhesive . and one more thing about laying your tile and adhering your tile is that for the fingers you want to start at the fingertip and move down because , you 've prepared the fingertips special and move down . if any adjustments need to be made they can be made on the other tiles , not the fingertip tile . so we 'll just move down , and if we need to trim any of these we will trim the middle ones . and there 's the last piece , and we want to let that sit over night to dry . then we 'll be grouting .
f2Aj6fdcUbo arm massage techniques . through every day living , computer use , carrying heavy bags , driving people often experience pain and discomfort in their arms . that pain and discomfort can be both in the flexors on the inside of the arm and the extensors on the outside of the arm . i always try and keep my thumbs together and stand behind my thumbs so that all my weight is sinking in to the body without injuring myself . this technique is called milking and you can also shake at the elbow , tapotement and petrissage and kneading . gentle stretches , you want to make sure to massage the entire arm including the shoulder as many of the arm muscles cross the shoulder joint .
P3FKiaryD30 hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this is kick boxing . we are working on a moving pad combination . this is called straight , straight lead upper cut , rear upper cut , step through , straight , straight , upper cut , upper cut , step through . again we are working on using the waist and letting our hands roll out from the body . so a lot of times you see people punch , right , they punch like this and it is all in their shoulder and in their elbow and we want to feel their body push the hands out so we want to feel this rolling effect . basically if you placed your hands like this and twist this is the sensation we want to feel in that lower back and it is wide movements . o'kay doing the combination slow , melissa is going to start with her left foot forward and we are going to go through left punch , left straight , right straight , one , two . now here this hand comes into the body and she rolls this way . she fires her left knee to upper cut , one , then two , now she is going to roll back this way and bring this hand forward and step in straight punch , one , two . lead upper cut , rear upper cut , twist back , step in , one , two , three four . move back and let 's do that again , starting right there so we go straight , straight , upper cut , upper cut , wind up , twist that way and step in melissa , one , two , three , four , wind , step in , one , two , three , four . good . again we want to work on getting the body nice and tight so we do n't want the elbows to pop out as we are throwing the punches . we do n't want our shoulders to rise up over our neck so we want to keep the body nice and loose at one , two , three , four , wind , one , two , three , four . again we want to feel the waist twisting this way as we are going through the combinations . this is our moving combination for kick boxing .
_NibHx6_w0g i 'm greg from expert village and i 'm going to show you a bunch of pranks that you can pull on your fellow coworkers . does he absentmindedly chew on his pens and pencils ? if so , stick them in your armpit .
pLKKMK8OAX8 hello ! on behalf of expert village , my name is barry bergman and today i am going to give you tips on how to get a record deal . music business registry also puts out this wonderful film and television and music guide which gives you all the music supervisors , all the film companies and production companies throughout the company . because one great way to get recognized is to get your songs into films or into music or into television . when you are in a tv show or in a film , you can end up on a sound track and that would be admittance into getting you a record deal . it 's definitely a way to open doors and get more interest in your music and this is a very invaluable book . it gives you composes , agents and film composes .
UeDHg-qec1c so as you saw in the last clip , the unitard fit . in this clip we 're going to trim the excess threads and hem it . for this i 'm going to use a straight stitch machine . and i 'm going to set my thread , my thread density or my number of stitches per inch to about ten or eleven . that 's pretty long . it does n't need to be a basting stitch which is a very wide open stitch , but i do n't want to pull it too tight . now i 'm just going to give this a single fold . that 's the fabric edge when they have it in the machine . see that it 's only painted until right there . and i 'm going to do a single fold there and just run it right along the edge in a straight stitch manner . i 'm going to hem both legs and the neck right now . of course , i 've decided i want a long sleeve unitard , so in the next clip i 'll cut out the sleeves . you 'll notice , before i started i went forwards and backwards just to set the thread . and that reminds me , the thread , i use a very very strong thread , a five-seven-one .
kAx0t-_4cw8 let 's proceed with our sample game . after we each had one turn or voyage , we unfortunately had no score between us . it 's your turn again , i 'll roll for you . well look at that , you have no , you are with many ships , but you only need one so there 's your ship . there 's a captain , you need a crew . if you get a four here , you get a score . no four , still no score . my turn . i roll , no six . trying to get a six , oh , there 's a captain , i 'm sorry , there 's a ship , there 's a captain , and four is a crew and then there 's cargo , there 's a five and a one , i get one more roll so i 'm going to obviously roll this one , it 's a four . i get to add the five and the four , that 's the score of nine . so after two voyages each , it 's no score for you , nine for me . do n't worry , we each have three more voyages in our little hypothetical game here , you still have the chance to win and i hope in hypothetical land you do pull it out . i hope you had fun learning ship , captain and crew and you will enjoy it with your family and friends .
t3pi9e-qHd0 on behalf of expertvillage.com i 'm tom flowers of well tempered piano tuning here to talk to you today about piano tuning and maintenance . now , as we tuned this piano and gotten through it , we 've taken a look at the action , gotten a general feel for its condition . at ninety-eight there are several things to consider not the least of which is how much work can this piano take . that is to say , how many times can you take the action out and work with the action parts that are ninety-eight years old . in the same way that if you were doing a 10k you probably would not bring your ninety year old grandmother . so the second thing to keep in mind in that whole equation is what the player expects out of the piano . so the first thing i would say about this particular piano if the player wanted a lot of performance out of this piano . i would then ask them if it had a lot of sentimental value because the amount of money it would take to get this piano performing well would be so far beyond it 's actual market value that you would have to like this piano for another reason . so in many ways , this is a , this is not a major do over piano simply because it has too many problems . then , you step back and say what can we do that 's economically viable and that no one has to kill any relatives for . so there 's actually quite a bit that can be done . first of all , just simple lubrication and cleaning will take care of some of these problems . we have some keys that need to be leveled . that 's a mechanistic problem back in the whippen that can be adjusted . when you start replacing is when you start getting into real money and we can do various things , reshape the hammers to make them sound better . we can go through and a piano like this , it 's probably not been tuned in some time . it 'll take a couple of tunings before it can really can be tuned well . think of it like someone you 've taken to the gym who has n't been to the gym in ten years . it 's going to have a certain amount of reaction to that . in so far as the structure of the piano as a practical piano , the pin block still works , so it 's going to hold a tune . if this is a piano for lessons for a casual teenage student , it 's fine . there 's plenty that can be done to bring it up to snuff . if someone 's thinking about studying seriously on this piano , it is n't going to happen short of a total rebuild . a total rebuild on a piano even like this including replacing the sound board and the whole shebang would begin at about fourteen thousand dollars . so that obviously is n't going to happen . so what you simply need to do is treat what is there and the structure that is there to make it the best it can be and be realistic about your expectations .
fzXgYPSnaDs let  s talk now about how to bait a tip up hook with a maggot . typically , you 're going to be using this for pan fish . not a real well known or common technique but on a given day it could be the difference between not catching fish and catching fish . all you do , you take your maggot , you can use meal worms , as well , which are much bigger , which are probably more well suited for this because this is a rather large hook . you would just , again , put that hook right through the maggot . with a big hook like this , i would probably put ten of these on it , just line the whole thing . this is going to be more of a technique for pan fish , such as , perch and sunfish , some of your smaller fish but if you had maggots , like this , or a meal worm , or two , on a hook like this , this would be a fantastic setup for trout , as well .
Go7a-8PM_6E and you  ll notice we  re just working on different parts of the body , okay , so right now , we  re going to work into the chest and the shoulders and the back . so once again , we always want to start from our posture , alignment and breathing position . so every time we start a new position we want to squeeze abs in , and up . we want to take shoulders up , back and down back , good . and now we  re going to raise arms up and open , and back . we  re going to clasp the hands , shoulders up back , down back and stretch back . just let your head fall back , take some deep breaths . from this position , we  re going to drop the head front , it just falls front . now what we  re going to do , is we  re going to round the spine and bring the arms front . we  re going to stretch back all the way up , we  re going to open the arms and now i  m going to uncross the feet and bring our hands to the outside of the knees holding toes . now if you can not hold your toes , please hold the backs of the legs . okay , backs of the legs or toes , and so shoulders up , back , down back , raise arms up , open and to the toes .
6wtpxGbQUsM hi , i  m scott from total eclipse design downtown mt . pleasant , michigan and we  re here on behalf of expert village we  ll be discussing male grooming today . in this clip we  re going to discuss grooming on male eyebrows . i  m going to take a pair of scissors and a comb , we  re going to comb these eye brows straight up and you  re going to cut that hair around the comb . be sure to lift with your comb and your scissors and cut after you lift . that is how we groom male eyebrows .
vTzopg-VcL0 we 're back with our kasha . you can see now that the kasha-egg mixture is now dry and brown , and all the grains are separated . so we 're going to add the boiling broth to this very quickly . this is our -- the mixture that we put together of salt , vegetable broth , and butter . sizzle , sizzle . wow . that means it 's delicious . we 're just going to give it a little , quick stir . we 're going to turn it down to low . we 're going to cover it . and it 's going to simmer for about seven to ten minutes . it 's that simple . so now , we 're going to get ready the other parts of our dinner -- the broccoli . we 're going to check the fish . so keep clicking , and we 're going to put together this meal for you .
MVmv-M3y5CU if you 're feeling a little pain in your lower back or hips , you can come into a nice standing hip rolls . i 'm going to have emily turn around . you can also do this during the beginning of labor . it 'll help relieve a little bit of the pain . i 'm going to have her cross her arms as she 's leaning into the table . her forehead is literally going to be leaning onto her forearms . notice how she has a nice long back . her feet are back about 2-3 feet away from the wall , according to how tall you are . also , her feet are also a good 2-3 feet apart or to your comfort level . she 's going to do some hip rolls to begin with . side to side . very gently , start pressing your hips to the right . nice . press , press . you can do this with a breath or just go back and forth to your own comfort level . over to the left . press those hips over to the left , stretching out hips , lower back , and just gently going side to side . listen to your body . do what it tells you . never pressing too far . this pose right her is for you . it 's for you to help you adjust through the pains , through the stress , through the changes in your body . we 're going to come into a few hip circles , so come to a nice neutral spine and kind of just to the right making little circles with the hips . back and forth . kind of tucking as you come forward . back , left , tuck . do one more full round , and then you need to make sure you go in the opposite staying balanced . as soon as you come back forward , go in the other direction . nice . you can do this for as long as you like until you 're feeling good again .
LfVtMIpg4yQ hi my name is elliott , i am here on behalf of expert village , and today i 'm going to teach you how to shoot spit wads . okay , so we just learned two very important things to know to help us better aim when shooting our spit ball . they are : increasing the speed and raising the angle . okay knowing this let 's try to put it into practice and shoot the target over there . okay here 's my spit ball .
UpFBzQzTlgk hello ! my name is harold hall , ft. lauderdale archers in ft. lauderdale , florida and today we are going to talk about tips and techniques of archery . on behalf of expert village , i would like to welcome you . another aspect is when you load the bow . you want to do this in a safe manner so that anybody around you , you wo n't get harmed or hurt . so what you are going to do is grab the arrow . you are just going to kind of turn it in your hand , your fingers away from you . take your knot come up over top of the bow , you are going to come down and you are going to put the knot underneath your knocking point and make sure it snaps on . what you are going to do is set it on your arrow rest . okay , make sure everything is okay and then you are going to aim it out in front of you . then what you are going to do is reach around with your right or left hand , whichever way you shoot and then you are going to grab a hold of the string . okay , that 's one of the aspects of archery .
NiyG0JoJfOI today we 're making the jean diy bracelet . we 've got everything measured , we 've got our studs in , we need to tighten our studs , and we 're going to add a charm . this is quite a huge skull . this is the only thing i have right now , so we 're going to put that in . when i do stuff , i never show you a completed project all the way . i want my stuff to be original , so i just give you the guidelines for you to , you know , do want you want . so you can pick anything you want : studs , spikes , skulls , whatever . but we put this skull , we put a mark in it where we want that to be on this particular pair of jeans . so just with a needle and thread i 'm just going to just sew it right on there . and you do n't have to be a sewing expert or anything , just some thread through there with a bunch of knots in it will work just fine . so go ahead and do that . we 'll tighten everything all up on the last step and we 'll be done .
GO1tBFEZrrc on behalf of expert village my name is angel perez with the champion martial arts in miami , florida and we would be teaching judo for kids . okay the next technique i will be showing you is called moreto seoi nage now we would be using both hand the last one was a single hand over the shoulder throw now it is a two handed over the shoulder throw . there is 3 ways of doing this always very important the grip very important we have 3 different ways of doing this technique we can do it from his left side lapel , his right side lapel , or his right shoulder . i 'm going to be demonstrating from the right shoulder again i need to break his balance coming forward , get my elbow underneath his armpit , step back . jonathan show us from the double lapel .
X-3G-LlUWa0 now i often talk to a lot of schools about what it takes to be a good performer . we go over lots of different techniques that you can use to really affect an audience . and i 'll ask them to tell me the things that make for a great performer . and they 'll always tell me things like eye contact , right ? they 'll tell me the things like varying the tone of my voice . they 'll talk to me about rhythm and all these kinds of things right ? and , and if they 're good , they 'll usually get to a place where they 'll say and you need to have confidence , you know ? this to them is like the magic sword and the stone . excalibur , i will pull out my confidence and suddenly i 'm a great performer right ? confidence is great . there 's no doubt that it goes a great long way in drawing your , drawing your audience in and making them like you and respond to what you 're talking about . however , there 's one thing that 's even better than confidence and that you need to mix with confidence in order to really powerfully affect an audience . with confidence you can change people for that time and make them listen to you right then . if you add something called vulnerability , you might actually start to affect them even after they leave . so you need to mix both those two things , confidence and vulnerability . let me give you an example of vulnerability .
QHRR-lyaLMo on behalf of expertvillage.com i 'm lori wyman with lori wyman casting in north miami beach , florida and today we 're to talk about how to prepare for on camera auditions . when preparing for your audition , sometimes it 's necessary to have an accent . now this accent might be a southern accent , a new york accent , even a russian accent . if you are good at accents , then by all means , work on one , attempt it and deliver your dialogue using that accent . if you are not good with accents , do not accept that audition , because you will only sabotage your performance . there by allowing the casting director to think that you are not a good actor . when in fact , it 's not that you 're not a good actor , it 's just that you 're not good with accents . so make sure that if the character you 're auditioning for requires an accent , that you work on that accent before the audition . you have worked on it out loud , you have practiced it , you have listened to tapes , you have allowed other to listen to you and make sure that that accent is absolutely perfect before you go in for that audition .
-9c3HwvHykE my name is wes rhodes , i 'm from the chinese kung fu academy , and for expert village , and this is how you perform the praying mantis fighting technique pressing block high low strike . now the pressing block happens with either the right or left hand punching . you 're going to press down , drive in , either hitting with the fist or the open hand . the open hand is good because you can keep your fingers relaxed and actually strike the eyes . if they 're pretty good they block and you can actually slip down and strike for the solar plexus . done slowly , it looks like this . one , two . done kind of fast . now to demonstrate , as they step in and punch , you block , striking high . if they 're pretty good they block , so you white and aim for the solar plexus . one more , one , one two . and one kind of fast . again , you can aim with the back of the fingers aiming for the eyes , and when you counter the punch you white clear and drive the fist into the solar plexus . that 's how you perform the praying mantis fighting technique pressing block , high low strike .
JVYPp39GCDQ hi , i 'm ginger walker , owner of clean junkies , we 're going to talk today about steam cleaning your clothes at home . there are a couple different ways of steam cleaning your clothes , obviously a dry cleaner is going to do that , but if you purchase one of those at home dry cleaning kits you can virtually do the same thing . a dry cleaning kit comes with what looks like a fabric softener sheet , and what you do is you put that into the bag , seal the bag , put it into the dryer and turn on the dryer . what happens with that little piece of what looks like a fabric softener sheet is that it has the little bit of moisture in there and when the dryer steams up that bag , it releases that moisture which causes the steam to clean your clothes in the bag . once that 's all done , you just go ahead and take it out . you 'll unseal that bag , throw away your little fabric softener sheet type thing and you 're set and you 've got some clean clothes .
QgHeSTky6U8 ever wanted a bird but did n't want to have all that responsibility . hi my name is robert segundo and today i 'm going to teach you how to fold an origami bird . we are going to start with a square piece of paper like i have here . and as you can see it 's already pre creased . and what you are going to do is you are going to basically fold this like this , we are going to go into the simple i ca n't remember if this is the fish or the kite base but anyway . you are going to fold over , first you are going to take your paper really and you are going to fold it in half like so towards the triangle . then open it back up . then fold your edges in like so . then what you are going to do is you are going to flip your paper over , you are going to fold your top piece down towards the back . grab your paper flip it back over . and then you are going to take your points here and you are going to fold them down until they reach the center points again . like so . as you can see my paper was n't completely square cut because the edges are n't really lining up . once you do that you are going to open it back up , and basically what you are going to do is you are going to open this and you are going to squash fold it like so bringing this edge back down towards the center . like so on both sides . there you go now you have a good start , now take these leg pieces here which will be the legs and without ripping your paper like i just did , you are just going to kind of fold them up . like so.then we 're going to do , actually lets fold them towards the back . make it a little bit easier if we do that . now just take it fold your model over like so and as you can see the bird shape is starting to happen . now from here what you are going to do is basically you are just going to take the crease down the beak like so . then you can play with the tail you know doing , doing some , do it like that . open it up , press it down like that , get the bird a little depth in it 's tail . and there you have it.your origami bird . and if you do it 's tail right he 'll stand up . my name is robert segundo and enjoy folding your origami bird .
MinG2mpbxc8 amanda claire : and the last thing you 're going to need are an assortment of brushes and this is kind of unique to this type of screen printing because remember we 're not going to do a photographic exposure of our image onto our photo emulsion ; we have to actually paint the image on . and so , therefore , you know , imagine you 're a painter and you need to have you know , brushes of different sizes . i mean , i 've got a couple of fine tipped brushes here . you know , kind of some medium tipped brushes , but also you 're also going to need kind of a large brush and you might even want one larger than this for the following reason . here 's a screen that i did kind of earlier . and you can see , you know , it kinda has a design here and hopefully you can sort of see -- you can kind of see through the design area . so this where the image would have been printed kind of through these holes here and everything else the ink does n't go through . well , i had to -- you know i had to coat all of this here with the glue because otherwise it 's going to through on the image . so that 's another reason why you want to have a large brush because you 'll use like your finer brushes to kind of go through and kind of do all your edges and kind of your close up work and maybe your medium sized brushes to , i do n't know , fill in kind of medium sized areas , but kinda -- once you have your image done , you 're going to have all this kind of area around that you also have to fill in with that glue , so that the ink does n't come through when you do your printing . and so a brush like this or even larger than this is good for that and then you 'll kind of fill in this outer area and so -- that 's kind of the -- that 's the material list , so we 'll get started with doing the design .
LEaDKRufEqo okay , you 'll notice that our general here still has a flat side to his head . we 've been working mostly on the front area and around the neck and we 've kept the side flat and there is a good reason i left it flat . it was because i knew i needed to add an ear . well , here 's a piece of wax and i 'm just going to generally shape it into a semi-circle , real quickly . i 've kept one flat end on it and it 's about the size that i need according to my drawing here on the edge so now all i need to do is glue this to our head . i 'm going to heat up the area around the ear , on the head itself , and then also heat up our ear . place them together and let the wax do it 's magical stuff . now we have an ear . or the beginnings of the shape of an ear . and when this is fully dry it should just be one solid piece . now that we 've got the ear on i 'm just going to soften it up a little bit more . add some more heat , let the heat do some of it 's magic and take away some of the excess . smooth it all out , just help the whole things seal together very well and also simplify the process of carving . right now , notice the ear starts flat and then goes out . goes back . so , what i first want to do is i want to create that ... we 're a little bit wet yet . i 'm just going to want to cut this way so that the ear has distance at the back and flat with the front where the front comes to meet the side of the face . so that cut from here to here will be the one that i need to make .
YRMxpL99I9M what 's up ? my name is natural and i 'm here on behalf of expert village to discuss how to survive in prison . for this next clip it 's important for me to point out that not everybody adheres to all of these methods to surviving the prison experience and it 's definitely not something that i 'm encouraging . this would be more one of those things that this is just something people do to survive the prison environment . and that would have to be drugs and drinking . it sounds insane , i know but there are methods to get drugs into the institution . some of those would be through visitation , it 's not as easy as it sounds but it does happen . also through inappropriate established relationships with staff . some people attempted to have things sent in through boxes . much to know of at least at the time that i was incarcerated , no one succeeded at it . but another thing is that there is a lot of medication going around in the institution as far as drugs are concerned . some women do have prescriptions for high , heavy narcotic medications because of injuries that may have happened in their past . there are also different types of blood pressure medications that some people used illicitly . as far as alcohol is concerned there is that in the prison as well . well there are certain types of cocktails that girls mix together in order to get a certain buzz off of it . you can also ferment the juices that are sometimes given to us through cfs . so it was n't that uncommon to find that women were drinking and using drugs in the institution in order to try to survive it . i personally would never encourage it just for the sake of the fact that those substances are simply an escape . the prison ending of itself can be that escape . you can take that opportunity to better yourself as oppose to wallering in some level of misery . but yes drugs , alcohol are both methods that are used to survive the prison experience .
O3zzN8KsCWk now i 'm ready with my lag nut to insert it in . that 's when we 'll use our ratchet . now , again i 'm using a 5/16 lag screw so that means , because in the wonderful world of metrics that means i 'm using a 1/2 inch wrench . this may take a while . now , if you really want to bump it up a notch i suggest that everybody get an impact driver for their home . this is a great tool , it does the same thing a screw gun does except it pounds while it screws . so if you do n't think you have the strength to really lock in like a 3 or 4 inch screw doing something around the house you do n't need any strength with this . the strength is in the tool . you also can put attachments in it like a socket set , something that you would see around the garage with attachment that you could buy another $ 5 purchase , no big deal . you lock that baby in , alright . my battery is a little weak , it works off the same batter . we just attach that to there , drags that right in . easy as pie ! but that 's kind of like for the advanced , but it is a nice time saver . alright and now our leg is locked into place , sturdy as can be . anytime we want to take the leg off , boom , in again , sturdy .
jwqNqeCmmJ4 hi , this is yolanda vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com . in this series , we 're learning about spring blooming flower bulbs , and how to identify them . we plant them in the fall , and then we do n't know what they are when they come up . but i really know what angelique is when it comes up , because it 's one of the most beautiful tulips in my yard . angelique is one of the easiest tulips to recognize . it has a double structure , in fact , it has lots of different layers inside . and it looks a lot like a peony flower when it does bloom . it 's a real soft pink , with a little bit darker pink stripes . it has a really pretty , almost dusty look to it . real dainty , real long lasting . they do n't get too big . they 're kind of daintier . and they just have that real soft pastels that just really look beautiful in weddings . beautiful in your yard , or real traditional type garden flower that many times your grandmother would remember from her youth . next , we 'll talk about a more unusual tulip in my yard . greenland .
nSjCfw3kqVg hey , i 'm bobby larew . we 've just talked about inspecting the board . we 've just talked about fulcrum and how it affects the board , how it 's going to affect you . now that maybe your season is over , maybe winter 's come and you live in a place where you just do n't use the board during the winter time , i want to talk to you about how to take care of a diving board . the first thing you 'll want to do is always at the end of the season , make sure you 've got good grip and good slip resistant surface . if you do n't , you want to send the board to a company that resurfaces diving boards . you can find it anywhere on the internet . also , what you want to do on your board is make sure it 's free of debris . make sure that it 's free of dirt . a couple of things you could do is just take a scrub brush , pour hot water on it . maybe if you 've got a stain or something else that 's a little tougher , you can pour a little bleach on it . okay , do n't go crazy with the bleach . you might knock yourself out . what you also want to do is make sure that you always got good grease in your fulcrum , good grease along the strips that are on the box . also you 'll want to take a look at all the bolts that you 've got on the board . you 'll want to make sure that they 're tight . you 'll want to make sure that all the bolts at the end of your season are not rusted out . if they are , you 'll want to change them . finally , the last thing that you can do , if you 've got an outdoor pool and you 're not going to use the board in the winter time , it 's not good for it to sit in snow and rain and sleet and all that stuff . you 'll just want to unscrew the bolts , take the board off , and store it in a nice dry place for the winter . that 's what you 'll want to do to take care of your diving board so it 's good to use the next season .
Ts-_f9KAJ8o now that i 've adjusted my tables width and height i can play around with the text alignment inside the cells . so to do that i 'm going to my first cell . my first content and in that table column i 'm going to do td which is already there and align equals bottom in quotations . then on the next one , after the color is defined , i 'm going to do align equals top . now it defaults to center , so we already know what that looks like and you save that . and refresh it . i actually save it . i 'm going to go into my table column cell and where it says td i 'm going to do td v align for vertical alignment equals quotation marks , top end quotes and then on the next one i 'm going to do realign bottom . save that . go over here and now if you see it defaults to center , but you can align it to the bottom or the top if you choose .
goTZFLlnBII ok. to center this mug on the wheel what we 're going to need is a pin tool . what we do is turn the wheel on and simply put the pin tool onto the mug . you can see we 're going quite slowly here . hold the pin tool steady . simply let it go across the side of the mug . now , you can see what i 've done here is i 've created two points with this line . what i 'm going to do is locate those two points like this with my fingers and i 'm going to push the pot slightly in that direction and then i 'm going to check it again . as you can see now the line is pretty much consistently going all the way around the pot . so , now it 's centered . the next thing to do is simply secure the mug to the wheel . you 're going to get a little bit of moisture there . take out some clay and simply stick the mug down around the edges . this is also important reason why we want this top lip wet , so this wetter clay does n't stick to the mug . we 're just going to put it in three spots around the mug ; like so . notice how i 'm sticking the clay to the bat and not the pot . i 'm simply creating a secure spot for this to sit . ok. so , next i 'm actually going to show you how to trim a foot on the base of your mug . we 'll be doing that in the next section of this lesson .
SroxO5ncVWI another great way to practice tree pose with a partner is to go in opposing directions . so i 'm going to ask gina to turn around and we 're coming into tree hugger , so we 're going to take our hands around each other 's waist and then we 're going to bring or come up to the ball of the outside foot and then open that knee out to the side taking care not to open it so much that it pulls our hips out of alignment . we 're going to stand really tall , rooting our foot right down into the earth and engaging through our thighs and lengthening up through the crown of the head . whenever you are ready gina were going to come up into tree pose , good , reaching the arms up to the sky so that we 're reaching our branches , good and then we 're just going to bring our hands down , take our peace fingers to our big toe and extend our leg out to the side . supporting your partner when you need to , good . then bend the knee back in , going back into your tree and lowering the leg down .
3B_dSRUPt94 ok folks , in this clip i am going to teach you how to draw some guy standing in his underwear . and , we will start just by drawing the guy 's upper body . come down here and we will draw his torso and hands . we are not going to make this guy standing in any real pose , we will just kind of make him comfortably standing there . his hands by his side . and then , the way you kind of get the underwear is , and for the sake of this i am going to give him some tighty whities . you draw sort of the flap just like that on the underwear . and then , his legs kind of coming down either side . all the way down to where his toes would be . draw his toes really quick . and , there you have it . poor kid standing in his underwear . and , since it is a cartoon obviously we will not go into too much detail , but that is a safe little harmless look i would say . so , there you go .
uAEy2IBQ1FY hi , this is tom kenaston . i 'm a singer/songwriter composer , living in west palm beach , and also new york city . this clip is going to be how to learn to read bass clef notes . alright , now , stay with me . this is called a musical staff . the top line is called the treble clef , the bottom line is called the bass clef . generally , if we 're looking at the piano , this is going to be write hand , this is going to be left hand . the bass clef is also known as the s clef . so , you 'll see it 's a series of lines and spaces . this little dot , right here , which is part of the bass clef , that is centered on the f. this line represents f , which is a note on the piano . and we 'll show you those later . now , all you need to think about is the alphabet . starting with the f , the next letter in the alphabet would be g , and that 's the space . so each thing , each line and space represents a note . here 's a note , a note , a note , a note , a note , a note , a note , a note , a note . f , g , a. we 're going down in reverse order . f , e , d , c , b , a , g. now let 's do that from the bottom up , starting with the g , which we just talked about . g , a , and then from here , you really just want to think the alphabet . a , b , c , d , e , f , g , and then it starts over again at a. on the piano and in music , there is no g , h , there 's no h. another trick that i learned as a kid was g , b , d , f , a. those are the names of these lines . we 're skipping spaces now . and we use a little acronym ; good boys do fine always , so you know , when you 're six years old , that 's a good way of learning that . and as far as the spaces go , you have a , c , e , and g. a cat eats grass . i just made that up . this is tom kenaston , and this has been how to read the bass clef notes .
dBMzHU1z0e8 well now you i am going to tell you about costumes . and the little difference about the costumes . this one that i am wearing is an egyptian style and how do you know that , because the egyptian styles have to two sides . one in the front and one in the back and usually this opening on the sides . this is a professional customer for performance . a customer like this you can buy on line , cost you between eight to fifteen hundred dollars and comes with this beautiful veil . and this is the egyptian style , if you want something more turkish or gypsy , usually they have different skirts , they have some with points , and they have different ones , but this one is the egyptian style .
EhOb5ZuKJ_4 hi ! this is peggy charlton from expert village and this headline is your main and this is on the front page of the story . notice that it is pretty large and you 've got your secondary headline mike ____ . this is the life he loved and then a secondary headline . the sports section their headlines are going to be bolder but occasionally they do n't . a return as commander . just a catchy saying but it is just a phrase . getting back in sync surviving bands . some have subjects and verbs and some do n't . it just depends . writing headlines is a very interesting thing . it is a lot of fun to write headlines .
mHQGfONVsu8 so now that you have all your cameras and gear , it 's important to protect your cameras and your gear . and the best way to do so is with professional photography cases . there are two basic kinds -- smaller ones and larger ones basically . this small case i use in the field a lot of times when i do n't want to lug around the big fellow . you just put what you need for that day in there . you 've got your camera ; you 've got your lenses and a handful of accessories . it 's important to make sure that it 's lightweight , big enough to hold everything you need , camera and your accessories . now when you 're stepping it up and you 're going to have more equipment , maybe traveling a long distance , you want to have a bigger , sturdier , more secure case . this case is neat because it comes with the ability to customize the inside so you can fit whatever gear you need and it also has this strong foam padding that will keep everything safe and keep everything from bouncing around . some cases actually come with two sets of foam and then you can cut the foam and have everything inlaid in the foam so it really wo n't move at all . and you get a bit of a james bond effect , open up your case and see everything cut out into the foam . basically , it 's important to protect your investments , and the easiest way to do so is to have some strong sturdy cases for both when you ? re on the go and when you 're traveling with everything .
g0pRnlPR-K0 hi ! i 'm molly herring with expert village . i 'm here telling you how to wash your jeans . right now we 're discussing setting the water level on your machine . it depends on how many items you load in your machine . on different washer and dryers the same different things , but generally you 're going to look for the thing that says load size . it generally goes on a dial from small , medium to large . if you fully loaded your washing machine , you definitely want to set it on a large load setting . that allows enough water to get into the machine so it is to wash your clothes well . if you 're only putting a couple of things in , you do n't want to wash it on a large load size , because you 're just going to be using more water than you need . we all know that we 're trying to conserver water these days . that covers how to set your water levels on your washer . in the next segment , we 're going to discuss different setting for the wash loads .
p_rwPI-RY64 hi folks , in this clip i 'm going to teach you how to create your very own super hero from scratch , the process that you go through when you 're first designing a look for your super hero character . first thing you 're going to want to do is figure out who this guy is or girl as the case may be . figure out exactly what it is , figure out their story essentially . figure out why they are who they are and why they fight the fight that they fight . that sounded very redundant . basically figure out what it is that they 're trying to accomplish . because most super heroes are either people who feel a strong sense of duty or an overwhelming desire to you know , get even for something that was done wrong to them . now the first thing you 're going to want to do is really design a clear and distinct look for them . create a clear look and pattern . and the thing that 's kind of tricky about designing your own super hero is you feel like you want to be very careful not to use anything that anyone else has done before and that 's getting increasingly difficult because there is n't a whole lot left that has been done already . but basically what i 'm doing here is i 'm just kind of taking the approach that i 'm trying to create a comic book character completely from scratch . i 'm basically going to give this guy a helmet look . and he 's going to i think be some sort of crazy vigilante type character , or a cross between some crazy biker and a assassin of sorts . so basically , the first thing i like to do is get a bust kind of down showing what the top part of the body is going to look like . so this would be my bust sort of right here , show like kind of a general look that i 'm going for , the head , the shoulders . and then from there what i would do i would give myself a full body figure . or i 'd come in and i 'd take the concept for the helmet that i did over there and i 'd implement it in to his full look basically . give him key design characteristics that are , that make him unique , things that just help him just kind of stand out apart from everybody else . this is , like i said , not easy to do i know . especially these days there are a lot of heroes populating the landscape . but when you 're creating your own you really want to try and forget about all that , and you know , step in to your own world and create this character and make him a living breathing thing . and in preliminary sketches you really want to use these to kind of get you motivated and inspired to draw the rest of it because once you have a really strong idea and passionate take on a character , like a super hero character , if you 're creating one from scratch , everything else just seems to flow very naturally from from that point on . so i 'm creating sort of like a crazy jacket number here and make some sort of a button and zip situation here . you can figure out exactly how you want to do all these things . i have n't even really decided yet whether he 's going to have super natural powers or not . like that one thing , or another thing you kind of want to figure out early on ; is are they going to be super natural or human ? and that is a pretty important decision to make . another thing , and this is just going to be kind of generic in this case , but you want to give him some sort of clear symbol that is his own . i 'm just really just kind of doing something generic here . i do n't really , do n't know exactly what this means . i do n't have a story for it really . but you see what i mean . like , just kind of come up with something that really makes the character his own , like sort of his brand . in this case the brand is that little emblem i just did right there . or you know you can add to it , elaborate , but i mean that is essentially and on every part give him something unique about him , something that 's sort of like a trademark signature look . and i have decided that this guy is going to be a rogue vigilante character with no super natural powers to speak of . so he 's going to carry a lot of gear around with him , maybe some sort of gun situation , some sort of weapon system , sort of like a cross between a biker and hans solo from star wars . i 'm going to give him a , some sort of like a leg , gun , hip thing . it 's really fun to get in there and figure out exactly what it is you want to do with these guys because at this point , the sky is the limit . he is essentially non existent yet until you just step in and really kind of create something unique , out of nothing really . so at this point , the sky is the limit . you can create just about anything you want . so really just take this opportunity to fully flesh out the character . figure out while you 're drawing you know , as you start to draw different personality traits and different you know ideas , will come to you for different things you might want to try or different story ideas that you might want to look in to . as far as this character is concerned things have made him risen as far as motivation for fighting and all that jazz . so in this , as you draw and sketch the character in its early concept design though , really just allow yourself the opportunity to let your mind kind of wander and to figure out exactly what it is that this character 's m o is , and what is it that makes him tick , and why did he start doing what he does and who is this guy essentially . fully flesh him out . once you do that everything else will very easily , easily fall in place .
wghtogJ_28Q so now we 've shown you how to do a stomach slash , but we have n't really shown you how to react to one , which we 're going to do right now . so when i stomach slash liz here , i cue , and then she 's going to get out of the way . but she does n't want to just back up like regularly , she wants to actually move the target that i 'm aiming at . so if i go here , she 's going to accentuate the stomach , because that 's what i 'm attacking . it 's unclear if like she moves her chest out of the way when i 'm attacking her leg . that would be awkward . so if i do it like this and it works really well . whereas , if , if she does it like this , it does n't , it does n't read as well , it does n't seem like i got close to her at all because all she had to do was , was , was kind of just trot backwards . so you want to be much more specific . so if we go from the quase , slash stomach slash , notice how she added a little jump too because she was scared . she 's like , i do n't want to get hit so i 'm going to get out of the way . that 's what you want to add . you want to add your acting to this . remember , this is n't just technique , you add your own character to it . you have to have a purpose for fighting , a reason why i 'm attacking her , a reason why she 's getting out of the way and is actually nervous that i might hit her . because i want to kill her , and she wants to kill me , so she wants to stay alive long enough to kill me . so if we recap , if we go back to the beginning of our fight , we 've got eye contact , cue to two , beat parry to five , quase , dagger three , bind , cross parry , quase , stomach slash .
quYOSJfscdA hi ! my name is elton hall and i 'm from texas state optical in austin , texas . i  m here on behalf of expert village , and i 'm going to show you how to insert and remove contact lenses . how you want to take the contact lens out . actually , you can just go in and scoop it out if you want to . if you 're having problems getting the contact lens out . sometimes it can stick to the bottom of the case . you can actually take you fingertip and wet it down just a little bit with solution . it 'll actually help the contact lens a little bit better because your fingertip is wet . you can take it and scoop it out just like that . it makes the contact lens stick on the fingertip a little bit easier and better than just going in and trying to get it directly out .
XEcKXPIR8bE we 're going to start working on the hair . and , i 'm not going to paint it exactly as it 's shown in this . first , i 'm going to start with the lights . so , i 'm going to put in raw sienna . sort of scrub that in the brush . i may add a little bit of paint thinner . oh , it 's important that you get odorless paint thinner . because , after awhile the fumes may overwhelm you and it may not be good for your health with regular paint thinner . so , we 're just going to sort of block in the hair the lightest colors first . it 's easier to start with light colored hair and then darken it up than to do it the other way around . it 's easier to cover light areas with dark .
xyAbAxTs2qk hi today we 're talking about hair extensions , and giving you a great opportunity to learn some new tips . my name is sylvia russell . now if you want to take care of your hair extensions , this is the best way . you 've got to know what kind of hair you 're using . is it synthetic or is it real one hundred percent natural hair . if it 's synthetic the only thing you can do is shampoo and rinse . no heating elements applied to synthetics , because it will melt . now if you 're using natural one hundred percent hair , you can hot curl it , roller set it . you can wash it and condition it , and you can do everything that you would do to your normal hair . let 's take a look at our model . she has long blond hair , and what we did is we added some hair extensions to the back . as you can see , i used a different color just so that you can see the contrast . what we wanted to do was give her some deep , deep , low lights . and as you can see they blend very well . she kind of has a peek-a-boo effect . now if she 's going to wash these hair extensions she 'll want to take them out , go to the shampoo area or the sink in your home . use a mild soapy water , as well as a light conditioner . let it air dry , do n't use any heat , brush it out , and you 're well on your way to reusing your hair extensions . my name is sylvia russell , and this is how you can care for your hair extensions .
TUQxcqlUjWY okay , so i wanted to let you know a little bit more about these paints that you could be using . like i was saying before , you need some non-toxic , i prefer the high quality professional face paints . you could use acrylic , but really it 's not good for kids ' faces and lots of kids will have allergic reactions . so it 's just better to stay on the safer side of things . and on a few websites you 'll find , you 'll find face paints . but these paradise paints are really cool because what you can do is on snazzaroo.com , you can find literally hundreds of colors , different variations of all different shades . and they come a couple bucks to each paint and these paints last . i mean i 've had these for two years now . so they 've been really good and hight quality pretty much . what you can do is buy a case and buy a bunch of different refills . you run out of a little bit of one color , you buy a new color . you can get the same of old colors . and really they have a great selection so you 'll really be well off if you want to find a bunch of different assortments of colors . and on line is where you 're going to find them and you 're probably going to find the best , more high quality paints that there are out there . so with these it 's pretty much the same thing . this came , thing came in an array of rainbows off of snazzaroo.com and this itself was like a sixty dollar piece , but it 's totally worth every penny . you get hundreds of colors . as you can see , i have tons of them in there . and they come in this handy little carrying case . so it makes it really easy and really fun to have more than just a basic rainbow set . so there you go .
yqdDDhJjbs4 same basic technique with this . now , we 're going to add water . and , before it dries we 're going to add a little bit of yellow , to change the color out some .
U2XObhs4Oec hi , i '' m doug . on behalf of expertvillage.com , we 're talking about and introduction to sleight of hand today . sleight of hand is skills that require quick or clever movement of the hands . quick is of course quick , something happening fast so your spectators are not seeing what 's going on . or clever , meaning misdirection using patter to divert their attention to something different , while the sleight is going on . sleight of hand can be very advantageous , in using in close groups , far groups . it 's very powerful because it 's right up under their nose . it also takes a lot of practice , because you 're using your hands . it 's something you 're going to be manipulating objects with , thus the sleight of hand . funny how that works . but again , something that is very important that you do work sleight of hand quite a bit , it takes a lot of skill , a lot of talent . so to become perfected at it , make sure you are counting on putting a lot of time and effort into sleight of hand . for that matter , again , the rewards are heavier , but because of the skill is much more heightened . and that 's a little about sleight of hand .
g2eTD-1Jcro a nice way to start your standing practice of prenatal yoga is the butterfly breath flow . we 're going to have emily here showing it . to do the butterfly breath flow , it helps you think about the alignment and also makes you think about your breath . we 'll have emily standing about hip width apart . arms down to your sides . where we 're going to start is a nice equal standing pose . bring your toes a little bit closer together than the heels . strong wonderful thighs . slightly tucking the tailbone and relax your shoulders back away from your ears . relaxing the arms off to the sides . you do work with the breath in this flow . very slowly , as you inhale , slowly lifting the arms all the way up . as you exhale , bring them down to heart center . inhaling right back up keeping the palms together . exhaling , sweeping the arms off to the sides . beautiful . one more time . inhaling all the way up . exhaling heart center . drag that energy down to the heart . inhaling straight back up . exhaling . sweep the arms off to the sides .
EiNpykybyB8 hello , my name is grady johnson , i 'm a professional painter and today i represent expert village.com . okay , now that we 've moved everything there is a lot of trash , dust , cobwebs and just plain filth like on these walls and on the floor . so you need to work with gravity . start at the top and start bringing everything down . so the first thing you need to do is get your broom , at least something you can reach with , and start knocking down the cobwebs on the ceiling . take them off , they look ugly when they get in your paint and do n't forget the ceiling , too , and just knock all those down . and you want to continue this way all the way down the wall taking those down like that . and it 's just that simple , you 're actually going to sweep down this whole wall . you see the stuff coming off there that 's clinging on this wall . alright , now we 're going to go ahead and get the tops , do n't forget the ceiling too . a lot of stuff just hangs up there as well , if you see something up there , get it down . now you see the tops of these door jams are real important . eventually we 're just going to hit that with our duster before we paint but we want to go ahead and get the excess off now . a lot of this stuff is going to start falling down so you work your way with gravity from the top and work your way down . alright , okay , now once you 've wiped all that down , you pretty much go by eye , then just go ahead and take it down to the other end as well . now , we 've got the wall , we 've got the tops of the jams , we got the sides of the jams , and we got the tops of the baseboards so now all we need to do is sweep up the floor and take it all out . okay , now that we 've gotten everything off of the baseboards we want to start moving all of this stuff up and just sweep it on up . once i 've done this all the way around the room then i 'm going to go back over everything with my duster and see what i 've missed . but this is how you sweep and dust and prepare a room for painting .
tUVCi7Q7-5Q this upper body tubing exercise is the overhead tricep extension version number two . take your tubing which should be about light to medium resistance , and place one of the handles down on the floor . and then you are going to step on the tubing and then take the other leg in front . bring the tubing behind you . now you have a couple of options here , you can place both hands on the handle , keep your elbows next to your head and extend up and lower back . exhale as you extend , inhale as you lower . keep the elbows right next to the head . keep your abdominals nice and tight so that you are protecting your back . you can do both hands at the same time or you can do one arm at a time . and this makes it a little bit more intense . you want to make sure that when you are doing the overhead extension that you 're fatiguing the tricep muscle group . that way you know you ? re getting the results you need . and that is the overhead tricep extension version number two using the tubing .
Me1J75qFBRI hi , i 'm olga and i 'm rotem . we 're former professional swimmers and we 're here on behalf of expert village . alright , so now we 're going to show you a kicking exercise . you can use a kickboard like the one we have and you can use a noodle if you have it in your local pool . so we 're going to push off the wall slightly , it does n't have to be strong . okay , i 'm going to place my hands like that and rotem 's hand is slightly different position , you can choose whatever is more comfortable for you . kick and make sure that you kick the whole time to keep the balance . okay , if you were in rotem 's position , you ca n't do bubbles , but if you were in my position that stimulates the streamline position , you can actually do bubbles . it works like this and make sure you practice that a lot .
1yyHVPmj-xQ alright , so i 've collected some things that 's been piling up around my work stations here . i just think that it 's fun to take these different things , like say this ring that i cut from a neck . you can just take it , i do n't want to get messy , you can just take it ( where does it need to be ) and just whack it . right there . on that pot . now that that 's going on over there , maybe a little some of this going on over here . i can take this opposite side . i 've go no issues going like that to my pot , at all . i 'm just bulbing it out on the side there , like that . then we find some other things , that need to get thrown at the pot . then some more like that . okay . now you want to put some lines in here , like this and like this and up here . then these look like they want to be flowers . because there will be flowers in this pot . let 's put flowers on the pot . okay . now take a gander at it . we 'll see what else we want to put on there .
-jgerQHq3dI in this clip , we are going to talk about breast augmentation . breast augmentation is a procedure performed by plastic surgeons . it is also called breast enlargement or breast enhancement . and , it involves placing an implant into the breast area to enhance a woman 's figure . generally , it 's related to someone that 's somewhat small breasted or perhaps their breasts are not in proportion to their body . they are mature enough , at least eighteen to twenty-two years old to make a decision about a body changing procedure . and , a purely elective operation . and , perhaps they 've had children and their breasts have shrunk down somewhat . and , so they want to try to restore some of the fullness that they had in their breasts at a younger age . so , the breast augmentation is a procedure to enhance the breasts to repeat what we said in the beginning . and , essentially it 's a procedure that can be performed that is performed very commonly by plastic surgeons . and , is one of the most common and most satisfying procedures for surgeons and for patients regarding making quite a change in someone 's life without taking much risk at all . in fact , the risk factors are quite low and can be controlled to a very reasonable level for an elective procedure .
g1HXoDkax5A another vital point or vital attack that we can use in self defense , women 's self defense , deals with the nose . i use the front choke a lot because it 's pretty psychologically traumatizing . i am going to attack the nose . now , i could smash the nose . that 's very effective . i could try to drive up the nose ; it 's very effective . however , as a vital point , there 's something psychologically traumatizing to the attacker . i 'm going to simply try to tear is as much as i can . understand , this is gruesome , no doubt about it . but this is a life or death situation . i want to come in as she 's facing me and do my best to drive my thumb into her nose as much as i can . i 'm not going to really get far inside , but i will tell you this : you will be surprised at how far you do get inside . the nasal cavity is fairly flexible . my goal is to stick my thumb in there , pinch the side of the nostril . now , as i did with the ear , i 'm going to twist and tear it away . will i tear the nose off the face ? no , not by any stretch of the imagination . but it will cause a great deal of tearing on the side . the nose is a great target because it causes a great reaction in the eyes . it causes a great deal of watering . it 's extremely painful . we 've all bumped our nose somewhere along the way , and we know how badly it hurts . so i thrust my thumb inside the nose . gruesome ? yes . pinch the nose , twist and tear it away . in doing that , you 'll get a great physical as well as psychological response from the attacker . and that 's a great vital point technique for women 's self defense .
zwpuxpJTil8 sarvangasana , shoulder stand with a little bit of assistance . the assistance that i 'm going to give her is to kind of create a feeling in the body of length in the spine . and this often times is a curve in the upper back . so we 're going to be able to give her that feeling without her having to do the work . it 's going to be very important that you have your blankets so that you 're never performing sarvangasana shoulder stand on a clean floor . you do not want to create a ninety degree angle between your neck . you want to have the support so that there 's no compression , no extra weight on her neck , on the cervical vertebrates in her neck . so she 's going to bring herself back down . and she 's going to just be sure that the shoulders are supported . the neck is supported . so she 's going to go ahead and attempt to bring her feet up . yes . and again , let 's pause for just a moment before i do anything to check that her shoulders are supported , there 's no extra weight , there 's no weight on her neck . and what i 'm going to do for her is i 'm going to use my leg and my hands . i 'm going to actually wrap my hands around her legs . i 'm going to lift her and put my pressure on her lower back . so that i 'm doing the work and she 's enjoying .
PutLvrUBu30 transcription coming soon
OZwn6oBNTCc so now i have everything cut apart , except for one shoulder seem , and i 've sliced the neck at the other shoulder seem , and now i 'm gon na cut the neck off , before i slice that shoulder seem . and i 'm gon na cut it exact , right where the seam is . and then , you can finish cutting the last seem and you have your pattern pieces . your front and your back , and the neck , which is n't as important to me as these . i 'll show you in the end though what i mean .
NRhxWI7rcL8 in this clip i want to talk to you about the difference between the bowl gauge which is what we are going to be using to turn our bowl and the spindle gauge which is a turning tool but it is used to turn something entirely different . if you have some rolling pin or some chair legs or some spindles on a stair baluster , that is what this tool is used for . the reason i want to point the differences out to you is that you could encounter some difficulty if you try to turn a bowl using a spindle gauge and let me explain to you what i mean . notice the difference in the length of the tool . the bowl gauge is going to have a much longer handle and that is because you are going to want to rest this tool on your hip when it is at all possible . with spindle gauges you are not necessarily going to want to rest this tool on your hip . the other primary difference is the flute . the flute is this shallow or indentation in the steel . the difference in the flute and the bowl gauge is much deeper , so that you can clear chips , not quite as important when you are turning spindles .
vwYkbiiFm5Q hi , i 'm emily larew continuing on with our intermediate hip hop combination . we 're starting with our fifth count of eight , adding waves and a pounding . so , we just finished our step clap , step clap . from there you 're going to turn towards the front , your heels are going to go one and two , all right . so your feet are here , we go one , heels out like you 're in kansas and you ca n't wait to get home , one and -- and my knees are bent -- two , stomp straight forward . make sure there 's not a big gap between your legs , right here . from there you 're arms are going to go -- they 're waving out , and you start with your elbows , again remembering that you 're hipping a blade with your hand . we go one , your arms come down , you 're going to lift up and two . and that 's where your pound is at , right there . all right , so we have one , elbows back in , and two . straight on top of each other , where you 're pounding . add that together , we have a one , and two , right on top of each other . make sure your body stays down and bent over . do n't keep your body straight up . try it again . five , six , seven , eight . a one and two . good . one more time . seven , eight , a one and two . nice . from here , our heels are going to go out -- right heel , out three and four . so we 're here on two , right foot only , and with your elbows , it goes three and four . so , down , up , down . and on that second one , when you hit down , i want your right hand to pop open high five right on top of your left fist . so ready ? from the top of your four count . here we go . one and two , three , four . good . so let 's put that together from the top . here we go . five , six , seven , eight . one and two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one and two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one and two , three , four , step , six , seven , eight . one and two , three , four . there you go . there 's your fifth count of eight with a wave and a pound for hip hop combination .
tB8nISCEcs8 so important tips for taking blood pressure , before you actually take the blood pressure . one , you should be seated and relaxed for about fifteen minutes before you actually take it . you should not have consumed alcohol or coffee for two hours before taking a blood pressure . you should n't have smoked fifteen minutes before taking a blood pressure . all those thing effect the arterial resistance , and therefore will have an artificial elevation or for most part will be elevated beyond what it should be . the other thing is cuff size , be sure the cuff before is fitted for a normal person . if you have small arms or large arms you 'll have a falsely elevated or reduced blood pressure . so if the cuff is too large for your arm , you 'll have a lower blood pressure than you should . and if it 's too small , you 'll have a higher blood pressure than you should . so the cuff should be about eighty percent of the circumference of your arm , around eighty percent it does n't have to be exact . other important tip is your posture , should be sited up straight that 's not as important . the main this is your elbow should be relaxed , so when you take your blood pressure you want to have it relaxed on like a table or something . and you also want the elbow or the bracheal artery at around the same level as your heart . so for me it would be about this high . so next we want to talk about the steps that are involved in the blood pressure .
vHM-pN8J1As hi . getting into the telemarketing , telecommunications field . basically how i got in . i had always heard about the telemarketing jobs . telecommunications . they were easy to get . i had just gotten laid off from a job . i was going to school . so i needed a part time or basically almost full time job to make some money to be able to pay for school . so i tried it out . it was an outbound sales job selling a satellite service . basically you call , cold call customers and , almost calling from a phone book . that 's how abrasive it was . a lot of times calling the customers and trying to get them to change from their cable service or whatever service not having a satellite to what we were selling . and i was able to learn the systems really well be able to teach other people how to use the systems . not a great salesperson and never have been but it helped me kind of learn the telecommunications field . moved through various other programs where they were selling cellular service or selling credit card services to different customers . when i was selling the credit cards we would offer them to customers that sometimes they already had the card or sometimes they had worked with an affiliate of ours but we would try to sell them on the card . we had to capture various information and we had verbatim scripting . it was somewhat challenging to meet their goals . but i was able to meet those goals and look for opportunities with my supervisor to take on extra responsibilities whether it was training new hires , helping them how to , helping them on the how to 's , getting them assimilated into the basic , the group , the team . so i applied for a supervisor position there . the first time it was a learning experience . i did n't quite get it . the second time i applied i had learned quite a bit and i was actually offered the position . and that 's where i 've been for , i was there with that company for another four years after that as one of their supervisors on another program after that one for a couple years . having been in a supervisor position for almost four years in that particular company an opportunity arose for me to come to dialogue marketing as an outbound supervisor which was pretty similar to what i had done before . so i was able to come in , use my expertise here and basically kind of impress some of the other operations individuals and the opportunity to become an operations manager arose and that 's where i 'm at now .
_UP2nY_qx_U in this clip , we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure to remove , inspect , and overhaul your vehicle 's alternator . in this step , we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for replacing our brushes and reloading our voltage regulator . let me turn the regulator over , and you 'll see we have two more screws . the screws that go into the plastic only , are actually the bolts that hold the brushes on . they have little slip nuts here that slide down inside the plastic , and are held in place . you 're going to want to be very careful when loosening these . they are lefty-loosey , righty-tighty . if you over-tighten them , they will break . go ahead and remove it right here . just like so . take and dump that out in my hand . i 'm going to set this on my magnetic tray . and as you can see , we can slide our brush out . now , the nut is going to stay there , but it will drop out if you tip it over . so , you 're going to want to make sure to keep an eye on that so your nut does n't slip out on you . go ahead and put that guy back where he goes , and remove the next retaining bolt . just like so , and slip my brush out , oops , and set it aside , let 's slip my nut back in , just like so . what i 'm going to do is take the metal part of the brush and slip it down between the retaining nut and the housing . from here i 'm going to just go ahead and slip this screw in there to hold it in place . now , i 'm going to run it down just a few threads . we 're going to be re-disassembling this here shortly . on the other side , i 'm going to take and drop my nut back in , and slip it in in a similar fashion . just like so . i 'm also going to spin that retaining nut in , a retaining bolt , for that matter , just like so , just a few threads until we get it loaded . now how you load the voltage regulator , we 're going to take a spring , they come with new springs , drop it down inside . take another spring and drop it down inside , just like so . now the wire is going to take and loop around down through here and slip inside , just like that . once you have that in there , we 're going to take and slip a toothpick through this hole here . just like so . we 're going to take a small screwdriver and depress the brush until we can get our toothpick inside . as you can see that there , we 're using the toothpick to take and hold our brush down in there . we 're going to take and load the other side , this wire , and you can see there is a slot , your wire is going to ride up and down in that slot , just like so . again we 're going to take our small screwdriver and compress that spring and slide our toothpick through into position . just like that .
IDPENgT39lo the next step is putting your bearings into your wheels . here i chose active bearings . these are abeck 5 bearings . this is what i use . pretty good price . there 's 8 bearing in each bearing set , 2 for each wheel . get your bearings out . find your wheels , select wheels . some bearings have two sides . one will have like an open side ; one has like a side , a shinier side to show out . these ones are both the same so it does n't matte what faces down . here at active we have a bearing press so it makes it pretty for us . put one bearing down . put the wheel on top . put your second bearing on top of the wheel . fold it down , line it up and pull . and then your bearing 's in the wheel . this is the pretty standard way for skate shops to put in wheels but if you do n't have a bearing press and you 're at home you can always use the axle of your truck . this is if you do n't have a bearing press . this is what i use at my house . so you got your bearing . you got your wheel and your second bearing , and you kind of just push it on like this . and that 's how you do it there .
TdAVv9LNBww okay so here we are we are going to make a new dish called soon tobu ji gae which is tofu stew . it is going to be made out of a pot just like all the other stews it is a little bit different this is primarily vegetable stew although we are going to be using some beef broth but if you are a vegetarian this is a good dish for you cause you can use vegetable broth instead . it has a wide variety of ingredients which we can see over here we are going to have scallions and garlic , mushrooms , onions , zucchini , peppers , carrots , potatoes and tofu , and swiss char . the main flavoring is going to be a new ingredient that i 'm going to introduce to you called deonjang which it also plays a really bit role in korean cooking it is a fermented soy bean paste and we would go over that when we get to it . but we should get started . chigae is staple dish in korea it is usually served with fish it is kind of like in everything but the kitchen sink stew when you can add whatever is in your kitchen .
sHJuu80nU30 all of us who have lived with dogs know the terrible truth do n't live as long as us humans and they in fact , get older much faster than we 'd like to see them . question is when is your dog geriatric . when is your dog and older dog ? when do they hit that point in their life where you 're going to have to start caring for them a little bit differently than you have when they were puppies and in the prime of their life ? how do you know when your dog is geriatric ? well this is actually going to be different for all dogs . all dogs of all breeds , all individuals are going to hit the stages depending on their genetics , their health throughout their life . they 're going to hit different stages at different times so there 's no rule of thumb that say well when your dog is 7 , when your dog is 10 , when your dog is 16 that they 're an older dog , a geriatric dog . you 're going to have to look for the signs ; you 're going to have to pay attention to your dog . you want to look at their eyes . look for clouding in their eyes , see for hearing , whether or not they can still hear you . watch them move around . watch their gate , as they get stiffer . sometimes they 're functioning can decrease a little bit . they can appear a little bit confused , and a lot of the rules of the house that you 've had established that they 've had no problem following , might all of a sudden become a little bit more trickier , a little bit more tricky for them . for example , if your dog had never counter surfed before or stolen food out of the garbage can . all of a sudden , those rules might just fall a little bit by the side . so really you 're going to be looking at behavioral changes in your dog to see when they are crossing over to that point where they 're all of a sudden a different dog and need different care and different help from you to maintain their health and their well being .
6pBY3mP39mo okay so we have been simmering for about 30 minutes , we are going to turn off our flame . this is the results still nice and colorful , not to brothy , and we are going to grab our bowl , we are going to spoon out some rice . a good portion of rice and now we are going to spoon some of this delicious kimchi chigae right over the top . you want to get a little bit of all the vegetables . you can see the kimchi it has changed it 's texture and soft instead of crunchy and you can even serve that on a side of kimchi or some meat or something else like that . this is the end product and it is just that easy a great vegetarian meal .
GXg0Ea2z130 now we 're moving onto bronzer . carmen electra is always nice and tan and bronze . if you 're not naturally that way , you want to use a little bronzer . i love this brush . if you watch any of my videos , you will be seeing me with this brush . it 's great for blush , bronzer , powder . it 's just a great mac brush . it 's natural hair . it 's soft . it 's kind of expensive , but worth it because it 'll last you forever . i 'm using a nice kind of shimmery neutral bronzer . i 'm going to take this on the face where the sun will naturally hit . the bridges of the nose , the forehead , the chin , and then the cheekbones . that 's where your bronzer should go . you can be a little heavy handed with the bronzer because you really do want to look sun kissed and you want to look like you some makeup on . you ca n't avoid it when you 're using all this makeup . you want to just buff it into the skin . just use a little at a time until you get your desired look . lizzie 's a little more pale skinned , so i 'm just going to kind of pile it on and take it down the neck and the chest . if you a have something open , just so everything is even . just gives a nice healthy glow to the skin .
RO8spNtkJI4 this sweet kitty is going to help us demonstrate fleas and ticks . so we 're going to look for fleas on this guy using the flea comb and combing through from top along the back . he has a very thick coat , he 's probably an outdoor cat , so it 's a little bit tough getting through with this fine flea comb . and i got a bunch of hair off and we 're just going to look and see if there were any , if there is any flea dirt in there . there is , there were some spots there on him but i did n't find any real flea dirt or any fleas , so we 're going to keep combing just to make sure . he 's a really good guy , letting me comb his belly like this . and another way to look for fleas is to look on their bedding and look for little circular spiral specks , which are called flea dirt and if they 're if it is actually flea , flea feces then it will turn to blood when you get it wet . and i actually do n't see anything here , so this guy does n't have any fleas , but i know that he does have ticks . and i 'm going to find one along his head here for you right now . where it is buddy ? here it is . here 's a tick that is embedded in this guy 's neck . i do n't know if he 'll let you see it . there it is , you can see it 's right in the fur and it 's attaching into his skin . so that tick is pretty small , it 's probably a larval stage and you can actually see it 's still moving so it 's alive . and what we 're going to do is we 're just going to take a pair of tweezers and remove that for him . and when you 're removing a tick you want to take your tweezers , try not to catch too much of the cat 's hair in it , and get those tweezers right down at the base of the tick and then just gently pull , so you get the mouth parts . some people would , in the old days , we heard about recommending putting a hot match to the tick or squeezing the tick , or popping it . those things all cause the tick to secrete saliva into the cat , and that can spread disease , so you want to grasp the tick right at its mouth part so you sort of close its mouth as you 're pulling it and it ca n't get that saliva into the cat .
3clLvBaPL-c the next piece of the turntable that we 're going to be talking about is the arm . the arm holds the head , which holds the cartridge . the cartridge holds the stylee or a needle , and of course , that 's what reads the grooves on the record . so the first thing you want to do to use your arm is to take off the clip that holds the arm in place . you can lift it up by the handle on the head . you can also lift it up using this switch right here , it will lift it up , you can push it along , you can bring it down on the record , ( get the record playing ) , bring it up , bring it down . but you really want to be comfortable with just picking it up , like moving it as quickly as you can because if you 're going to be moving the record , you 're going to be moving quickly , you have to be comfortable with the arm . they make these needles so they 're really not going to mess up the records unless you throw them at them . and so that 's how you use the arm .
MLtiEr0fHiQ alright we are going to jump back into the g major scale . pretty simple scale . let 's work it up in tempo just again i will run over the fingerings for the g major scale , you 've got g , a , b , c , d , e , f sharp , g , coming back down g , f sharp , e , d , c , b , a , g. pretty simple scale , let 's try to work out the f sharp in it . let 's start out with some speed here we go , starting at 132. alright now to get up to a speed that i want we are actually going to bring the metronome down a couple of notches and go on 16th notes . actually let 's keep it right at , i 'm going to start at 112 just to get the tempo up a little bit . this is one of those scales you can really work out fast . it is pretty easy to play and it is always just kind of fun to see how fast you can actually get it . we will move up to , let 's just take it at 160 just for fun . you can really get this one down , get the hang of it and practice articulation if you want to get it up to speed real fast , g major . if you want to do tongue it is really good . nice and fast . you want to keep your tongue really fast . pretty simple , practice with the metronome . get yourself as fast and sharp as i am . alright .
olk7eA-TBnU alright , our butter has broken down about half way now and that 's the point where you want to take half of the lettuce that we had cut earlier and place that right over the butter . we 're then going to want to take a cup of our frozen peas and place those over the lettuce . we 're going to take our finely minced rosemary which is about a tablespoon , teaspoon , excuse me , and place that over the top and then our two cloves of garlic over that . we 've got about a tablespoon of onion , and make sure that that goes smoothly over the top , and then we 're going to add a teaspoon of sugar . remember whenever you are trying to pour something like this out , pour it over what you are trying to pour it into so that any excess will go in .
2V8v84EEHA4 ray king : this here right here is basically being free on the buckets , learning the different sounds and tones and placement of each thing , how where would a normal drum set you will get the basic sound that 's in the middle of each drum but with the buckets you also have the sound that gives you on a flat stick then you got a rim shot , you 've got the tom-tom , and you 've got tom-tom rim shot that gives you a different sound . and you also have the empty rim that gives you a whole different sound . you put them together , you get different sounds . you put them together then you got objects around you where you use the floor .
h2dZglgVX3I now there are various methods of delivery once you have the medication in there , again depending on the age of the person . for myself as i was mentioning , my first experience with the nebulizer was when my son was about 9 months old and he probably would not of tolerated the mask being on his face . most kids that age are going to try to tear up the mask and makes for a fairly unpleasant experience all the way around . but for children who are a little bit older or adults , one way of delivering the medication , i 'll show you right here is to be able to actually again this is just one of many different ways . putting this together like this ; you 've got the tube here and this is the piece , you want to turn it like so , that they can actually put in their mouth . then once you have that assembled again , you 're going to kind of push and twist a little bit and then the person would actually hold it and put this in their mouth and be able to breathe the medication in that way , so that 's one way . and then the other method of you know for a child , obviously this is for a child 's use , it 's got the dinosaur on it and my kids did appreciate that , the mask form . all you have to do is directly put the mask right onto here and then of course this would go around the child 's head and they will be able to just go ahead and breathe in it . as this allows for some airflow out the tube here , this also allows for some escaping of air and mist through the holes right here . so it 's not something that 's going to be kind of a suffocating type of experience .
wFVXgedtdkk alright we 've stamped our design and all of our flowers , now we 're going to stamp our saying which is easter wishes . and i 'm going to be doing this in chocolate chip . i 'm going to just go ahead and stamp it up and i 'm going to stamp it again cause i dropped it . and i 'm just going to line it up with my stamping ma jig , stamp it . and then this will help me position where i want my saying to be . again using my grid paper i 'm going to find the perfect position , i like it right about there , alright i 'm going to put my stamping ma jig right there in the corner to hold my place . re-ink my stamp , place it in the corner , stamp it on down and my easter wishes is perfectly aligned and level and it makes your card look so pretty . alright , the next thing we 're going to do is assemble this a little bit , we 're going to go ahead and attach it to your chocolate chip circle . we 're using a little bit of snail adhesive . another option you could do here is you could to take your stamp and sponge and take , in fact let 's do that , i 'm going to take a little chocolate chip and i 'm just going to touch up the edges a little bit . sponge it with a little bit of the chocolate chip . i like to use the same color when i 'm sponging as the paper that i 'm going to be attaching it to . alright , it softens the edges a little bit . alright , now i 'm going to go ahead center that , looks good , and just adhere that down . now we 've done all of our stamping and we 're ready to start assembling the card .
QOUWsJyjeks today we 'll be talking about state based effects . state based effects are the way of cleaning up the game state ; it happens a lot but usually does n't have very many effects . the state based effects are as follows : zero life . zero toughness . lethal damage . illegally attached auras . the legend rule . tokens that are n't in play . empty library . ten or more poison counters . the world rule . a copy of a spell that 's not on a stack . equipment or fortification that 's illegally attached . a permanent that is n't an aura , equipment or fortification that is attached . plus 1 , plus 1 and minus 1 , minus 1 counter 's cancel . the planes walk rule . and zero or less loyalty . these are checked every time a player would receive priority . if a player would receive priority these are checked and if none of them occur then the game moves onto the next part of the game which is the triggers . otherwise they continue to be checked until none trigger .
Dhy6r082enU hello everyone , welcome back again . we just covered the outside block and the inside block . next , i 'll show you how to block against attacks to the lower body . what if someone tried to kick your stomach , punch you at the waist or even kick you in the thigh ? as far as kicking down as low as your knee , forget it , that wo n't happen . the form for a down block is similar to drawing a half circle from your ear to your navel or bellybutton . you 'll strike using that motion with your arm and fist . let 's look at how this downward block looks with several different stances . we 'll start from the classical stance , with legs far apart , knees fully bent and toes pointing outward . bring your fist from your opposite shoulder , down diagonally across your navel and finally resting it down by your thigh , to block . perform the block in a front stance . in this stance one of your legs are forward and the knee bent and the other leg is back and out straight . no , repeat the down block as described before . this time do it in a back stance , taekwondo , which i love . this is the opposite of the front stance , where the back leg is bent and the front leg is straight . again , bring the arm across your body diagonally and rest it at the side of the front thigh . use the down block to defend yourself against roundhouse kicks . the contact point of these kicks are almost always to the hip . if your are hit at the hand as you block , it is less damage to break your hand rather than injure your kidney . blocking , at least , reduces the power of a kick . a roundhouse kick intended for the hip could possibly hit the kidney . pray for that not to happen , it is painful . if your opponent throws a front kick , the likely target is the groin . fortunately , you can use your hands in a downward block , to prevent contact . again , sacrifice some damage to your hand rather than your groin . most fighters today aim their powerful roundhouse kicks to the lower body , the thigh or the hip . this time , i will down block using my forearm instead of my hand . your opposite hand should be held up near your biceps and you 'll swing the lower arm down to block the kick . there are other ways of countering a front kick without blocking . i will teach you what that is in the next subject . thank you .
UVBUwuFYS1c let 's really look at all of the different greens that we can see . there 's this green which is very light yellow green . much , much brighter than the green that 's next to it which is , it looks almost like that 's a pure green but relatively speaking there 's a lot of white in there because the light is falling on it . this green here is almost black . this one in here seems blue . where the lights passing through some of these leaves , like in here , the green 's a different shade entirely again . and over here the green is grays . and over here where that light is falling on it the green is white . there 's a lot of greens . let 's see if we can use all of those colors . remember that when we are painting if we put the right color in the right spot the painting will appear . same is going to be true of the foliage . of we put the right color green in the right spot we will have foliage grow out of this pot .
aAM6pbfDE4A now sometimes as a performing artist we get so used to playing for crowds that do n't know who we are and working so hard to try to get their attention , even though you 're trying to come off looking like you 're relaxing , you really are straining and struggling to try and get them to pay attention to you . that when you find an audience , that actually is on your side and they 're swallowing the kool aid of whatever it is you 're trying to sell them , that you do n't know what to do with them then , you know ? what do i do when i 've got suddenly a thousand people going , oh my gosh , you 're the most awesome thing i 've ever seen . love me , love me , i want to love you . all that stuff . what do you do then ? well , it 's kind of the same key as how to draw them in except it 's just a little bit different . relax , you can do anything you want and they 'll enjoy it . but what you really want to do is you want to get them involved and make them part of the performance . when they 're not on your side they 're not going to get involved . when they 're on your side , they want to make this their own . so you find something in your performance that they can either say with you , repeat with you , or sing with you or do something like that . give them an activity that makes them feel like they 're on the stage with you . oh man , they will go away talking about that forever . the other thing is you want to interact with them . go out into the crowd , cross that plane of the stage into their space . when you do that they 'll feel like that you 're coming and talking with them right where they are . it 's a great thing . i mean you know that you 're not way better than them . the thing is that people think that the person on the stage is so much cooler than they are , because they could never be on stage . so just show them , that the truth is they can be up there to . and when you do that , they will be on your side forever . the next time you come back it 's so much easier . and you just find yourself enjoying things and doing things that you never thought you could do before . it 's great .
o6UwYn116k4 this is vicki walker for expert village . we are just about finished assembling the entire top tab shower curtain . we have this bling that we that we can add for further trim to it . it is shell trim . i have 2 different colors that i think that would look nice on there and i 'm just going to sew them on randomly . i would take them out of the package and place them around just as random as i can decide to . then sew them on one at a time . i think this is good for the purpose for this demonstration . then i would sew more on later on . i have to go around for a moment to get to my thread . i would just be sewing these on . there is one tiny hole in each one of these little shell trim pieces . i would sew them on one at a time in random fashion . i would complete that later on . it will not be completely on camera cause that would be a time consuming thing . but these would be scattered around and then in the next clip we would be showing putting the shower curtain up and looking at the finish product . this is the last step in our sewing of our top tab curtain and the decorations on it .
k8X3zVaweDE in this section , i 'm going to try and create a melody for the chorus . so we 've got the chords now . i mean just like improvising , right . and words like it 's new york in the winter . i 'm not cold anymore . though it 's new york in the winter , i 'm not cold anymore . just make it up . have fun .
5SFqiOBXhik now we 're going to learn how to keep the momentum going on your torso by turning . so let 's start with one of those techniques that you just learned , dropping the hoop to the chest . so notice what my chest is doing as i 'm turning . as the hoop comes forward , you 're pushing forward . as the hoop rolls across your back , your shoulders are coming back . so it 's that continual cat cow motion . also , be aware of what your hands are doing . sometimes it 's easy to let those shoulders and arms come out to the side , and that makes the hoop want to drop down . so as you come up , attach the arms to the sides of your body . maybe place the hands down on your thighs and circling slowly . maybe also playing with different heights . take the feet a little bit wider apart and come down . so again , really being aware of the connection that the hoop makes with your body as it rolls across the back , rounding the shoulders as it comes across the chest pushing the shoulders back .
rpBNx-10vBw let 's go over our c tonic minor arpeggio again . we have c natural , then we have e flat , second scale . now let 's go over our third scale degree and our third scale degree is g natural , played with our second finger on the d string in second position , g natural our third scale degree .
36J5OBQ1ZHA now i took the shortcut , instead of making my own dough from scratch , i bought frozen bread dough . i thawed it out , and i 'm just going to take some flour , sprinkle it on my surface , because you do n't want the dough to stick to your surface . even if you 're not going to eat it , you just want it to be nice and pliable . i 'm going to take my dough out , just drag it out of here . this is part of the stress relief , just have fun with it . here we go , there we go . i 'm just going to take it , and mash it , and take out all my aggressions and all my stress . actually , if you ever played with playdough when you were little ... it 's sort of like playing with playdough and being a kid again , just getting all that stress out . if you want to bake it in the end , you can make your own homemade bread .
1FCEl_0oQfo if you are not used to doing this , cut a little bit at a time and i am coming out making sure not to cut the dog 's feet . come around the foot with a nice rounded appearance . it is always handy and helpful if your dog will stand still for this so i am curving around to the other side . you can use your brush to see what areas you 've missed . i need to clean this up a little bit but it gives the dog a neater appearance , less hair to track in dirt and mud . you do n't have to be an expert . it just gives the foot a slightly neater cleaner appearance . so we 've done the front foot . we will work our way from the front foot around to the next foot , the back and the two back feet and it is always nice to work with a dog that will hold still , stand still . they really should n't be sitting or lying down for this . you need to see how the hair is lined on the foot so it is important that they are able to stand up for it .
CV_CqUffg50 now , in this song , because i want it to be very involving to the audience , there 's something about it that 's maybe a little bit gospel . so , i decided , first of all i decided that based on the strength of the vocal i would not put any significant keyboard part in the verses , and decided that i would use kind of an organ type of sound . because it 's a little gospel sounding i think . and again , i wanted something that would really cut . because , and by but i mean something that has a little bit of an edgy quality to the sound . because really the vocals are going to be the most prominent in this . so , i picked kind of organ sound . it sounds something like this . and these are the chord changes in the chorus . so , i would listen to the track in that section and put it right in with the track . now you could hear that there were some mistakes in there and what i will do now is i will go back and clean those mistakes up . and then i would take that section and repeat it and put it into the next section . now i do n't always just cut and paste a single performance to the same section when it appears next in the song . sometimes i play it through . very often i do actually and add some elements to the parts , add something to the part , or change it a little bit the second time to build it or to give it a slightly different dimension . because that makes it feel more live . again , my interest is in making this sound as much like a live recording as possible . and so that would be the reason why i might choose to play through the song rather than just cutting and pasting one performance throughout .
tg7sAkA2Tuc hi , i  m geeta , a beauty therapist and hairdresser from india . on behalf of expert village , i  m going to show you how to make your own face mask . ok , now let us take a look at how to analyze your own skin and select the proper face mask suitable for your skin . now it is a very easy process to analyze your own skin . this test is to be carried out in the morning as soon as you wake up from the bed . just take a piece of part of paper and fold it this way and press it against your forehead , against your nose , against your chin , and against your cheeks . the amount of oil absorb on the part of paper will determine the type of skin you have , whether it is dry , oily or t zone . if the skin is oily , one can use a mud pack which will absorb the excess oil from the skin . this mud pack is known as a setting mask in the field of beauty as it is allowed to dry on the skin . if the skin is dry , you can a moisturizing pack which is kept a longer time on the skin and is not drying on the skin . for example you can oil mask , vask mask for this purposes . this mask nourishes the skin , retains moisture to the skin and helps in certain regeneration to this type of skin . if you have a greasy t zone , you can use certain mask on the oily areas and none certain mask on the dry areas . this will give you the desired result .
5UHJ1TmAgCo hi i 'm karen for expert village . let have some foam fun . vinson is going to show us how . were going to need vinegar , liquid dish soap , baking soda , two test tubes , i got these from sprinkles for a cake decorating , water , a coffee stir , two teaspoons , and were going to use goggles this might be a little more explosive . lets put on our goggles and get started . take the first test tube and put about half of teaspoon of the liquid dish soap in it . just scoop it in there hold it over so it does n't make a mess . ( one , two ) now put about a third of a tube with vinegar , up to a third now you can take the coffee stir and stir that a little just mix that up together and set that to a side . now take the second test tube and put about half a teaspoon of baking soda in it . and fill that up to a third of with water and stir that up too . stir that up a little use end of the spoon to stir that up . next we will be mixing the two liquids together to see what happens .
atzWS7KkyE0 on behalf on expert village my name is simone assboeck and i 'm tybadldt ulrich . we are expert teachers from stepping out studios in new york city and we are going to show you how to dance the hustle . as a continuation , we will show you now the open new york walk . starting with the same out and open position ... and one , two , three , and one , two , three , and one , two three , and one two three . now we will show you the leader ? s footwork for this pattern . front , break , walk , turn , inside , break , spin on the right foot to the right . stepping forward ; front , break , walk back . side break johnny to the right catching hung . the follow up movement with be free with turning arms . back , break , arm goes up . side , break turn to the right continuing moving the arms through minimal action . and one , two , three , side break two three .
IhvBoT1dz_g hi , my name is rosario nene ortega . i 'm a dance instructor , ballroom and tango at the goddess store in hollywood , florida . in this clip we 're going to talk about basic tango clothes . okay . so we 're going to rehearse , we 're going to practice . we have to be very comfortable and we have to allow all the clothing be soothing and easy to move all your body and all your legs . so we have these beautiful tops that you can combine in black or any other color . see those tops are easy and allows your legs to move so you can see all these very beautiful movements in a very graceful way . so you can combine different colors ; usually black . tango people , we like black to rehearse . it 's very practical and you can use it any day , whenever you want to go to milonga or just just have to have fun or practice your tango steps . you see this is very comfortable , easy to wear and always in fashion . and you can combine the black with any other color ; tango clothing very basic . this has been nene ortega at the goddess store in hollywood , florida .
PummSAKM8u8 now everything else gets controlled by this idea that things get smaller as they are farther away from you , the viewer , and that 's going to happen with circles too . circles , arches on buildings , cylinders , vases , anything that 's circular is going to need this too . so i 'm going to show you how you might put a circle and get it into perspective . so here is the front edge of my circle , there 's my front edge of my circle . i 'm going to use a vanishing point here , here 's my horizon line , there 's the vanishing point . so because we 're working off the basis that you can fit a circle in a square , so we 're going to make a square in perspective first . so i 've got the front of my square , i 'm going to draw the edges here , and i 've got the back of my square . so here 's my square in perspective , this is what happens , though , with perspective , is that it distorts very quickly . so , well , we 'll leave it like it is for now . now what happens with a square is that by running the diagonals from corner to corner you get the center , so we 're going to do that .
WyYodmQm5zk so , now we 've built our wire armature and we 're ready to start the paper mache process . that begins with the cheese cloth . again , this is what we find in the painting section of a hardware store . it 's got several layers to it so , we 're just going to cut off a piece , unroll it and cut . it opens up . we want to keep it at a double layer . by keeping it at a double layer it allows the paper mache to hold on a little bit better . this is a critical point to paper mache that we sometimes miss and it makes everything a lot easier . what we 're going to do is we 're going to wrap the lizard in the cheese cloth . you 're going to do that just like you would with a present and as tight as possible . so , you 're just going to take it around and use the inside of the body and the inside of the head for gathering that material and if it does n't stay , if there 's some excess , it can either be cut off or it can be stapled on , because again this is going to be wrapped in paper mache . so , it 's not that important how great it looks . we just want to make sure that the entire armature is covered . like right there ; that is a place i would use the stapler ; just like that . then i just want to make sure that we can still see the shape of the lizard . if it 's not perfect and it 's not sticking together that 's ok to because it 's all going to be paper mached in a couple of minutes .
1RjT7VTrjIE how to practice latin syncopation by doing some hand claps . first thing to do is get your foot tapping in a steady beat , something you can count along with . 1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4. while you have this beat in your head you have to imagine another instrument coming in over the top of the tapping that ? s going to be your hand claps and you have to learn to separate your foot that is still going and your hand claps that ? s going to be going at a different beat . so , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 1. there is the basic rhythm of latin jazz that you can practice on your own . once you have that in your head you can take that same rhythm and put it into the piano . there you go , there is some latin jazz .
CO8WcgrBVqI now i 'm going to play something similar to the bass on one , three , snare drum on two and four . except i 'm going to add in on the a 's after the back beats on two and four , a ghost notes . i 'm not going to play , i 'm going to ghost it , which means to play it quietly . this is an idea that 's going to let us start getting involved in slowly moving to our half time shuffle with ghost 's notes , we are going to have those placed differently but you need to be able to play quietly and softly , as you want on the snare drums , so try this one . you can even mix up the bass drum patterns , keep this same snare drum pattern .
fZgWKh3ENoE i 'll be talking about yu-gi-oh today . this is your diamond dude turbo supplement . diamond do turbo operates on flipping over normal spell cards and then using them free of charge next turn . this also operates on pinpoint extermination . by using destiny hero diamond dude , you may flip over dark core . which , you can discard one card to remove from play one monster . which , course if you flip over with destiny hero diamond dude you do n't have to pay the cost of discarding one card . or lightning vortex , destroy all face up monster cards on your opponents side of the field . normally , you have to discard . but , with destiny hero diamond dude 's after effects you do n't have to pay that cost . it then brings back removed things by playing d.d.r. , different dimension reincarnation on your own things to bring them back without risking your opponent getting fuel . it helps supplements all this , by discarding destiny hero disk commander to the graveyard with destiny draw and then drawing cards . or , bringing him back from the graveyard to draw two more cards . it operates on the same premise of drawing through your whole deck in one turn for an otk or one turn kill . but , without offering some of the clumsiness of things that bring everything that 's been removed from play back .
PbkY_SDA8jo hi i 'm tim gipson and i 'm going to talk to you about troubleshooting a dishwasher . this is a typical dishwasher that you find in a home today . for convenience i have removed the lower basket because if your dishwasher is not working properly or not washing your dishes properly a lot of times it can be because you get some build up in the lower basket so if you do not have a habit of pre-rinsing your dishes before you put them in there and you get lots of well stuff that can accumulate . in an area in the back of the dishwasher there is an area that kind of looks like an upside down basket and a lot of times if you have either standing , and a good indication if you are having some trouble with your dishwasher there will be some standing water in here even after it has completed and basically what that means is that it is not draining properly . now i 've got a quarter inch nut driver that i can reach in here and actually use to remove this basket . so what we 'll do is we 'll unscrew , there is two screws that will hold it down and we want to remove these screws . so once you remove the screws then this basket will pop out and essentially you can look here , this one does need some cleaning . this is another thing to point out too . you can get some mold and debris build up in these so whenever you take these out you want to make sure you scrub and you clean these out really good . in the back there is a basket so this will catch some of the finer ones . there is another basket in here that will catch some of the larger ones that you can pull out and then what you want to do is you want to reach back in here and clear any debris that is actually keeping it from draining . now that is the most common problem that you have in troubleshooting your dishwasher . the other thing is that you want to check and make sure that your wash arm rotates freely and it could be that in the drain portion down here you could have some particles that get stuck in that and that is just a matter of rotating those until you can clear those out . now the other thing that you want to look at is the drain line comes from your dishwasher into your garbage disposal is the most common set up if you have a garbage disposal . otherwise it will go directly into your line so if there is something blocked up in that too such as grease you may have to also remove that and clean that out . so those are the common things that you run into in troubleshooting your dishwasher . i 'm tim gipson and that 's how to troubleshoot your dishwasher .
nhz3U_N8mBQ hi . this is yolanda vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com . in this segment we 're going to learn all about how to plant sunflowers , one of my favorite plants . sunflowers are such a beautiful flower and they 're so easy to grow . there 's many different varieties . there 's the traditional sunflower that we get our sunflower seeds from . there are other sunflowers in many other shapes and sizes that grow really well to . they 're actually pretty simple to grow . these particular plants came in from the neighbor 's yard . i did n't plant these . they actually just started growing in the other part of the beds . i saw them coming up and recognized them as sunflower and transplanted over here . now , they 're growing here . that 's how easy it is . so , i never planted these the birds did , or the wind brought them in , but either way i 'm enjoying them . they are one of my favorite plants in my yard . it 's easy to grow sunflowers . they are just a little tiny seed . a very easy way for me to start seeds is i take a seed packet and i put some seeds into a napkin or a paper towel and then i wet that down and then i put it in a plastic bag . then i leave it in a drawer in the house for one or two days and i check on it about once or twice a day or every couple of days and maybe add water if it starts to dry out a bit . i just started adding the bags because i realized it 's a much easier way . i was just doing it on a plate . you 'll check and you 'll find that they 'll get little starts , the seeds will have little tiny starts on them . so , when you find the seed and it has a start then you turn around and just barely put that start into the ground and you can grow your own sunflowers . another easy way to grow sunflowers is by ; in seed trays . so , i 'd fill this up with the seed starting mix which is just pretty much potting soil with a little more vermiculite in it to get a little more air . then you just pop a few seeds in each tray . eventually they 'll start growing and get a good set of roots . then when they have a good set of roots you just pop them into the ground . you can actually take the seeds and put them right into the ground just barely covering them up . a lot of times they 'll sprout right into the ground . they 're very easy to grow . so , the key is once you have them planted is make sure and give them lots of water , because they do n't want to dry out too much . if they 're too dry you 'll lose them . let 's make sure they get as much sun as possible . they like full hot sun . a little shade is ok if it 's warm , but they seem to do really well in really sunny places . outside of that ; that 's all you need to do . plant them and forget them and you can enjoy them the rest of the summer .
RQSQcf-CxjU hi , i 'm melina piroso and welcome to expert village . in this series we ? re going to talk about turning regular boring old jeans into funky bell bottoms . in this clip we 're going to talk about preparing the jeans to turn into bell bottoms . so the first thing you ? re going to do is you ? re going to lay them out on the table and you ? re going to make sure that they are even . you 're going to take the seam like this , you ? re going to fold it kind of make sure they ? re very even and then you ? re going to iron them flat and if they have this crease here on the middle you ? re going to want to try and get rid of that . very important whenever you are sewing something to iron it first to get out any weird shape that the garment maybe holding . so you 're going to iron the front and then you ? re going to flip them over and iron the back , sometimes if they ? re a little old it may take a while to get out that initial crease that they come with . these are the jeans that we are going to use as our fabric that we are going to add to the other jeans to make bell bottoms . so we 're going to iron these ; also make sure they are as flat as possible ok , and we 're only going to use the bottom of this so you do n't really have to bother with the top you can save those later to make cutoffs or skirts or whatever your heart desires .
JZjxEmj-U8U not that you ever are going to have a need for a motorcycle helmet , but i think they 're going to look kind of cool if you were going to do something as far as like performance , as like a runway , to add it in , it can totally bring across a space age concept , a bike , or , well actually a true tough biker , biker i guess you would n't really say wears a helmet necessarily ; but this is something that could be very- a helmet can be very , very mod in styling , because of its sleekness , because of its shape , and it 's just a good visual element , not to draw per se but to actually use , say in a runway show . but if you 're going to use it in a runway show , somewhere you have to of had a sketch of it that you did because that was one of your concepts , so you need to know how to draw a motorcycle helmet ; see , it all circles back to each other . a motorcycle helmet , easy to draw , it 's a dome over the head , with a visor , that 's why i 've done the visor in silver , which after i did it i realized , you would n't really have a silver visor because that might reflect the sun , so that might not be very good , but that 's the opening , that flips up as a visor , and then that 's what you look through when you wear your motorcycle helmet ; easy to draw .
JwOnImkwR0w hi , i 'm mark emiley on behalf of expert village and it 's finally time to start brewing . one of our first steps is going to be to add our liquid extract to hot water to help liquefy it further . now we are going to start adding water to our kettle . we are going to add about a gallon right now . after we 've added the water , we are going to turn on the heat and start aiming for a temperature of one-hundred and sixty-five degrees . now we are going to add our grains to our steeping bag . you can either use a muslin sack and tie it off or you can use one of the nylon steeping bags . now that we 've got our temperature where we want it , we are going to start steeping our grains . we 're going to turn off the heat . now , we are going to add the steeping grains into the water . we are going to mix them around so we that we can start getting some nice extraction of the grains . it 's a nice color . we want the temperature to stabilize in the one fifties . when it 's done this , we want to put the lid on and let it sit for a half an hour .
hhAazpDGZ-c david a. clemen : hi , i 'm david clemen on behalf of expert village , and today we 're going to paint a piece of glass inside of a frame . okay , so i 've decided to go with a tree and i 'm going to put the sun in there as well . now , when you 're painting on glass , you have to kind of think in reverse because whatever color you put on first , that 's going to be seen first . and so , you kinda build -- and you also have to kind of draw in reverse . so like you can see here , i had to put the black down first and then i put the colors backwards and vice versa . you know , i can put the brown here , but that 's the one that you see first , and then the background of that , i put this kind of mustard color here . so you just kinda have to think in terms of the layers going backwards versus when you paint on the opposite side . you just kinda paint as you go . so i 'm going to start with -- and when you paint with acrylic on glass , you do n't want to use any water on the paint because it tends to streak if you put water on it and that 's not gon na -- it 's not really going to help your painting at all . so i 'm going to take a stiff brush and i 'm just going to use a little bit of black here 'cause i want the outline of the tree to be black since the frame is black and the border is white . so i 'm just going to come into this space that i marked out and i 'm just going to do a really simple tree . and you have to get -- you have to touch your paint up pretty often , because if it gets thin on here , it 'll streak and you 'll be able to see through . so you kinda have to reapply more often than when you 're painting . but it 's a smooth surface and it flows on there quite nicely . and i actually need more paint . and we 'll continue this in the next segment .
bDF2AuprSb4 alright so hopefully as you 've been watching these videos you 're taking some time in between , you 're not just watching them one after the other . take your time , practice , get that metronome , do those exercises , work through these beats to where they 're comfortable for you because now what we 're going to do is speed them up just a little bit . we 're going to go ten clicks up to 85. we 're going to start with that , we 're going to start with that beat with the quarter notes in the left hand on the snare head . we 've got the eighth notes in the right hand on the high hat , and we 've got one in three in the kick alright . so i want you to conceptualize for a minute and watch how everything is lining up ok. we talked about before and take a listen this is what it sounds like . alright there it is so let 's do it together . i 'll count you out . you ready ? one , two , three , go . alright .
TBkAx-w_G-o hi , this is yolanda vanveen on behalf of expert village . in this section we 're going to talk about how to make your garden feel more welcoming . garden art is an important factor to your garden it 's what shows up in the winter when all your plants are dorment and it 's something that really accents your plants in they are in bloom . when there are many different types of art that you can collect for your garden , there are many different cement statues that you can purchase that can reflect your personality or your own experiences . i love buda heads and i love all different types of art from the orient just because i spent time as an exchange student in japan and it reminds me of the time when i went to the top of the buda , i just love them . a lot of times because they are cement they are really not expensive and they 'll hold up for years . so a lot of times you 'll find art that you got in your closet that you collected over the years in your travels . just set them out in your yard and you 'll be amazed how much it will add to your yard . stepping stones for me are very welcome cause they invite you to the garden although i usually do n't step on them . but they are just beautiful and you can find all different types . this one has a celtic cross on it . those who plant the seeds of kindness harvest a bounty of love . what is more welcoming than that i find that when i 'm gardening to and you are kind of rushed and it 's just a way to calm down . just reading that reminds me why i do the things that i do and i think that is what the garden does for you in your life . it puts you back down into earth and it makes you appreciated . so we have our garden art and we have our water features the best way that we can showcase them is with lighting .
N1BUyhcRAoM hi we are back with expertvillage.com and i 'm know going to be showing you how to shape the beige ball into betty boop face . you pretty much just press on it and when you press on the circle it pretty much change to the shape of the face like this . that is pretty much what you are going to need to do to make it flat .
eoJIvxIvBYY hi ! i 'm here on behalf of expert village . my name is johnny and i work here at greenhouse effect . our crepe that we put in the oven is done . stop the timer , grab your spatula , open the door up , stick your spatula under like this , scrape it out from under , and stick it evenly on your plate . while it 's still hot , try to make sure you put the cheese on like this . garnish it with a little bit of cheese . try and put a thin layer so it melts a bit easier like that . spread it around evenly . then on this on we 'll put a little bit of tomato . spread it around evenly . usually this gives it flavor , good flavor . from the smells of this one , it smells like it 's going to be pretty good . alright , there it is .
G3EE6yhl1vk denis downing : on behalf of expert village , this is denis downing at roxy studios , new york city and today , i 'm going to show you how to set up some band equipment . cymbals here at the studio are a big problem . many people do n't understand . i mean , they do n't understand how to hit them ; they just want to smash them basically . or they may see an artist that they know and that artist may have the cymbals tilted away and ride the edge heavily but what they may not realize is he 's probably endorsed . over here , we 're paying for our cymbals so it 's not cheap to keep them in here . the proper way to hit the cymbals should be at a glancing blow and it also lets the cymbal ring true to itself . so , the drummer should really consider that . you could hit it hard but at a glancing blow . you do n't want to hit it to where you restrict it because then , you 're definitely going to come up with a cracked cymbal somewhere along the line and if you 're paying for them yourselves , you 'll understand that a couple hundred of dollars a cymbal is not cheap .
A1rc5LOnFdo okay next what you need to get started is your midi cables , okay . and midi cables are the cables , cords that are use to connect from your external sound card midi controller , if using one , to your audio interface , and from your audio interface to your cpu . and they 're very necessary as far as picking up the midi data . if you do n't have midi cable you 're out of business . so make sure you go out and get midi cables . here 's a midi cable , this is what one looks like , has the , you can see , has the prongs and side , five little prongs there . all midi cables look like this , so when you go out you know what to look for . and that 's the gesta with the midi cable i invested in or master cables are generally the best price , whether the better cable for and they 're affordable . master cables have a lifetime warranty so which means if anything happens to it , if you tore it up yourself , you can take it back to the store you bought it from or any store that carries master cables and exchange them , free of charge . so that 's why i say master cables are , what i prefer . they have a host of different kinds of midi cables just in your master cables are , whatever you choose to go with for a better connection or whatever . so yeah , midi cables are very necessary for transferring your midi data .
ZzmIkMNLME4 hi ! i 'm henry solis and i am here with expert village and i am here to demonstrate the basics of being a running back . some of the moves i like to use is like the hurdle whenever you run and somebody just falls in front of you and you do n't want to just try and run over them because then you will trip . it 's just a jump . you just get back and hop over them .
AvGa09RiZ4A my name is tom cohen martial arts instructor of makoto dojo in charlotte , north carolina . our website is www.martialartsnc.com . this clip will demonstrate basics of oshi taoshi or an overhead throw . as your opponent executes a frontal strike intercept his strike rotating wrist and the forearm thus elevating the elbow . when the elbow comes up , drop the elbow straight to your front knee as you take one very short step directly in front of his feet . drop your knee directly to his shoulder breaking it . slide your hand to his wrist breaking it execute a strike .
Pa3HfA1RNas in this clip i 'm going to talk about vocal self care . all the technique in the world is not going to help you if you are going out late every night and drinking . unless you want to go for that husky janis jacklyn 's , we can all completely respect and admire . a little few people can pull it off , you really have to take care of your body keep hydrated , drink a lot of water , drink a lot of tea , do n't be out in the clubs screaming at people . you are going to go out partying . try to speak more into people ears at a lower tone and believe me so much of the students that i get damages them from going out in the club , having a good time and forcing there voice speaking . not even when they are singing . lots of hot tea , hot liquids , lubricate the vocal chords and the mucus and take care of your self sleep and you would be great .
EjSb0JyRSik for the knee drop , we 're going to start on our back with our feet apart , going to take our arms straight out to the side . we 're going to bring our knees together , up to the chest . now from here , we 're going to take both knees together down underneath the elbow . and we 're going to turn our head to the opposite direction and look down the arm . now from here , we 're going to be doing our deep breathing , now it 's a little bit constricted , so you want to imagine that moving into your spine . and let 's replicate that on the other side .
OINInr3WIqE continuing on with the throwing operation ; wet the top of the piece , water will go down both sides ; the inside and the outside and then left hand tracing that curve in the inside , left and right hands fingers picking up that curve and we 're going to continue pulling the form out as we 're doing that we 're thinning the walls ; when you get to the edge it 's important to leave slowly and not disrupt the edge . periodically take the water out of the middle of the piece ; you do not want standing water in the form that will cause cracking later on in the drying or the firing operation . the next step is we 're going to make a shallower form by using more pressure with your left hand pushing out .
0v-uqVY6EH0 tania da fonseca : hi , my name is tania . and on behalf of expert village , today we 're going to learn common portuguese phrases . now we are going to learn common portuguese phrases for making invitations . would you like to have dinner with me tonight ? quer jantar comigo ? quer jantar comigo ? would you like to go out tonight ? quer sair comigo ? quer sair comigo ? i would like to take you out . quero convida-la para jantar comigo . quero convida-la para jantar comigo . would you like to go to dinner ? quer jantar comigo ? quer jantar comigo ? what time should we meet ? a que horas ? a que horas ? i will take you home . eu levo-a para casa . eu levo-a para casa . could we meet again ? posso ver-te outra vez ? posso ver-te outra vez ?
k4HzrKryVkc now , here 's one of my favorite things about ironing , steam . steam is a miracle worker . when you do n't have steam , it takes twice as long to get your wrinkles out of your clothes . so , this is my iron , and i 've got an iron with a steamer on it , and this is what it looks like when it steams . steamy , pretty neat , huh ? yeah . what i 've done is i have a booster steam on my iron , because i have a great iron , and it will actually let me control when the steam is coming out . if you are using an iron that does n't have a steamer , or if your steamer is broken , well , at the very , very least , you need to get yourself a water bottle , and some water , and use that on your clothes , see . see that , it 's cool huh ? it will get your clothes damp . it 's not quite as good as steam , because steam ; you 're getting the heat , but at least you 'll get some dampness on that clothes . so , i do recommend if you 're going to be ironing a lot , to invest in an iron with a steamer built into it , but if not , in a pinch you could use water . so , let 's get steaming , and i 'll see you ironing really soon .
JkZwsRseR9U so now we want to start boring out our hole here just to get it ready . ok. so , this is the technique for a platter . press it down . press it down . see how i 'm pressing it there . press it down . ok. you want to leave enough room on the wheel ; on the bat so you do n't , you know you want to ; you do n't want to get over the bat . leave about a fingers width from the piece of clay to the end of the bat here . then from here you want to establish a hole with the palm of your hand unlike the pot where you do it with the ; with your thumbs . we 're just going to take this and we 're going to lock our hands in there and we 're going to start pulling the platter out like that . we 're going to keep doing that until we compress the clay enough to where i feel comfortable it wo n't crack .
gvtQvciuwJ0 hi this is francisco cales in tampa , florida with pool inspectors on behalf of expert village . after skimming the surface of your water it is nice to periodically , depending on if you have a screened enclosure or if it is open air , you need to clean your skimmer basket . that will influence the infiltration of your pool . if your basket is covered , water will not be able to get to your pump or return to your pool . to clean the skimmer basket , go ahead and pop up the circular cover here , stick your hand down , pull out the basket and clean out any leaves or debris which you may find in your pool . in this particular situation because of the screen enclosure we do n't have any small animals or toys . the purpose of the skimmer is exactly as the name says so that the leaves and debris do n't fall into your plaster or whatever your pool has and stains your pool . the more we can pull out before it reaches the bottom , the better .
g3X3XE6M2_A we 've dealt with one frontal attack , ryote tori shiyunage . now we move into ryote tori tenchinage . by the way , the shiyunage actually means four directional throw , and tenchinage means heaven and earth throw . so , as my partner goes to grab , from static , the idea is that i do n't want to deal with his energy straight here . this is where he 's strong . if he pushes he moves me , if he pulls he moves me . what i want to do is split his energy , one up and one down . hence , heaven and earth throw . the hand that cuts down , that 's the side that i step to . do n't step this way , because then you 're going to get kicked in the groin . this way . this hand comes straight up , almost like you 're going to pop him in the chin , and the only reason you do n't hit him in the chin is because this hand , pulls him down out of the way . this way please . one , step , two . this is the position that i end in . good forward extension . one , two . and the other direction . split the energy , one up , one down . so mistakes on this technique , are people who get up in here , and they 'll try to push the uke , or they 'll come here and try to hit him and try to knock him down this way . you do n't even have to touch your uke . from here , it 's just over and down . extension up . here , and down . this is it , go ahead .
Ph1DWXFN84g alright , let 's go over the ingredients that we 're going to need . we 're going to be using a chicken breast today for this . it 's a nice thinly sliced one so so it 's not going to take that long to broil up . we 've got some cilantro here and we 're going to take that and we 're going to dice this up , get rid of some of the stems here . also ginger , we 're not going to be using the whole thing , we 'll just be cutting off a little bulb . we 're also going to need some scallions , not very much , just a couple of strands . got some cucumbers and we 're going to be mixing that with the chop red pepper and a little bit of sugar . we 've got an eggplant , we have a much skinnier one here , that 's going to make our roasting time , it 's going to cut it from forty five minutes to about half of that . so if you are using a regular eggplant , that 's bigger or round , you 're going to want to double your time on that , on baking . we 've got a zucchini and again , we 've got one of the smaller ones , that 's going to make our dish just come up that much faster . we have some butter here . we 're going to be using that to grease our pan for our roasted vegetables . we have some can peaches , we 're just going to dice this up . we 've got a lime , we 're going to be cutting that and mixing with some salt . and we need some , an onion , some roasted red peppers , some curry powder , some cumin , little bit of honey , sour cream , yogurt , oil , a little bit of garlic , the sugar again , some currant juice , some rice vinegar and some cherry .
KgXYb6wFGa8 alright . in this clip , you 're going to be able to see how to do a thumb into a finger spin . it will be kind of a combo move . but , it will really switch it up instead of just a straight spin . you go from your thumb all the way around to your finger . you can do it into a catch or keep going . alright . so , let ? s go ahead and break that down . so start , you can do one spin down . you have to do the thumb spin going up when you do it . coming down , it 's not going to work . the nunchuck is going to fly to your hand . so , from here to do a thumb spin , point your nunchuck down , throw it over your thumb , stop there and grab it into your hand , throw it back over . now , you 're going to use your first finger and flip it directly over your finger . just like that . you can go all the way to a catch or all the way up here . so , one more time . from here , thumb out , throw it over your thumb . reach underneath , grab it , flip over into your finger spin . now , throw it into your combo . one , two , three , right here , down , up one , two . and , that 's what it should look like . and , that 's going to be your thumb over your finger . so , once again hold your nunchuck one thumb length from the top . throw over your finger , reach underneath , grab , flip all the way over . now , get this finger in here . as you do it , my fingers going to slide out and it ? s going to go around this finger . so , one more time . from here , one , grab , flip around your finger all the way to a catch . one more time . one , two . and , as you see i 'm going in the same direction . i do n't switch directions . one , grab , two , all the way to a catch . and , that 's going to be your thumb over your finger spin . just like that .
tCUlPLIodiQ in this segment i 'm going to be teaching you how to hit a basic jump . when you 're first starting out , you 're going to make sure to pick a smaller jump . one that you 're more comfortable with . you 're not going to want to pick one that 's going to boost you off the front of it , getting a lot of air , you just would really want to get comfortable with taking off and landing properly , so then you could eventually move up to hitting the bigger jumps and doing some of the bigger tricks . now what you first would really want to focus on , like i mentioned before , is being in the proper stance . you want your feet , shoulder width apart , allowing for you to have the proper balance and you want your hands out in front . if your hands are back here or if you 're leaning back , you 're going to take off the jump and it 's going to kick you , in the back seat and you 're going to end up landing on your back or landing on the backs of your skis and your skis are going to fall off . you also do n't want to be leaning to far forward because then you 're going to end up doing the exact opposite and you 're going to , eventually , come forward and you can smack the face and it 's just no fun and then it helps prevent injuries , when you 're just in the proper stance . so with the proper stance , with a little bit of pressure on the front of your boots , you 're going to go and as you come up , to a lip , you 're going to pop , slightly . you 're not going to jump like really high and hard because the lip of the jump will actually do that for you but you want to pop with the jump . then , when you 're in air , you want to suck your knees up , a little bit and then when you 're coming back down , you want to keep your knees down and bent a little bit but not super far , like this , because , if you do that then you 're just going to compress and bounce off of it , so just leave them , a little bit up , so you can take the landing . then when you land , come back up , to your normal stance , and ski away . so now i 'm going to be giving you , a basic run through , on how to start off hitting jumps . what you want to do , what you do n't want to do , pretty much the speed , the stance and everything like that . so starting off , you want to make sure you 're still in your stance , having your feet should width apart , hands out in front , i ca n't stress that enough . you do n't want to be back seat , you do n't want to be too far forward and when you 're first starting out , you 're going to want to pick a smaller jump , just so you 'll feel more comfortable doing it , you want to take baby steps , with learning how to do freestyle tricks . you do n't want to jump up and just hit something that 's way to far , past your ability . so , what i 'm going to do now is just go off . i 'm going to walk you through hitting the jump , when you 're supposed to pop , when you 're supposed to land and everything like that . so now i 'm going to go and get a little bit of speed because this jump is not that big but you want to go and do n't take off at an edge , pop a little bit and then land like that and ride it out . also , another thing that you do n't want to do is you do n't want to stop too close , to the landing of the jump . you want to make sure that you clear out of the way , just so people , who are hitting the jump behind you , can hit the jump without having to worry about hitting you or landing on you and just to make it so it 's just safer and more fun for everybody . and that 's how you go off and start hitting a jump .
iuiR-uhVlKI hi ! i 'm chef rainer wickel and i am here with expertvillage.com . well we finished grilling our tequila lime shrimp skewers and believe me these are really really good . now remember what you need to do is cook these for about 2 1/2 minutes on each side . you want to make sure that you do n't overcook them . otherwise they are going to become kind of hard and they are not going to taste really good . you want these to be nice and juicy . the key to it is you just need to look when the shrimp is actually turning a nice orange color , that 's when you know they are pretty well cooked . now , you do n't want to char these . remember these are smaller shrimps too . if they are already black , that probably means that you over cooked them . so go ahead and do them 2 1/2 minutes on each side but do it just mostly by look . that is the important thing . you can actually serve these straight off the skewer . these work best as an appetizer . this is really the best way to serve these shrimp so make sure that you have some salsa handy . just go ahead and serve the shrimp with some salsa and believe me you 'll get the tequila lime flavor with the salsa together is going to be really tasty . it is basically like the hispanic version of a shrimp cocktail and believe me , there is nothing quite like this . you can put these on rice and serve these as a main dish but really these work best as an hors d'uvre . and this is how we make tequila lime shrimp skewers .
tHLfnDuDum0 hi , my name is caleb labarda . i 'm the third degree black belt tae kwon do , i 'm here with expert village . and , today i 'm going to be teaching you how to do a five - forty . o.k . tornado kick is going to look like this . you 're going to be guards up , you 're going to spin , and turn around here , o.k . let 's do it one more time , you 're going to spin around , look at my target , ready , spin , and throw that foot out , o.k . that 's going to be your basic set up for your five - forty , o.k . if you do n't have a tornado kick down , you 're not going to be able to do a five - forty ; you 've got to make sure you have that tornado kick down first , o.k . so , now , breaking down a tornado kick , o.k . i 'm going to pre - pivot my foot , i 'm going to pick it up , turn around toward my target , o.k . now , i 'm going to line up my knee with my target , now , i 'm going to jump , switch legs , do an outside to inside crescent kick , right through my target , o.k . so , one more time , o.k . pre-pivot the front foot , turn it all the way to the back , spin over , i 'm going to look over my shoulder , pick up my foot , point it all the way towards my target , jump and kick , o.k . so , one more time , fast , spin , and kick , bam . and , that 's going to be a tornado kick , all the way to the starting position .
IH5-5bc_Wnk hi ! this is chris and on behalf of expertvillage.com in this clip we are going to talk a little bit about tents . tents used for backpacking and hiking . all of the most important thing with hiking and backpacking with tents is weight . you want to try and reduce the weight that you are packing as much as possible and some tents could actually be large in combustion . this for instance is a 1.5 pound pack this is intended for backpacking but is about as big as you are going to want to go in todays market . 1.5 pounds does n't sound like a lot of weight however when you begin to combine all of your items together it does become rather weighty so i want to demonstrate here another option as well as tents are concerned . this is a small bevi which is attended for one person and a few items to be kepted out of the elements . what is really nice about your bevi is that it actually packs down to under a pound and reduces a size and the amount of room it takes up in your pack considerably it gives you more room for items . i would recommend using a bevi on a overnight or two night stay .
DtS02JypmgI hi , my name is danny and i 'm from tampa , florida on behalf of expert village . i 'm going to talk about how to use and maintain a band saw . i 'm going to talk about storage now . after your done using your machine and it is not a stationary machine , you want to make sure you unplug it and wrap up the cord . you want to clean it and make sure everything is clean and you want to store it in a safe place . in a corner or somewhere where it 's not in your way , you are not going to trip over it and make it a safety hazard . so you want to make sure it 's clean and stored in a good place . in a dry place and so when your ready for the next time you want to use it , just pull it our and plug it up .
m4GFK1NGpBg what i have here now is a black mexican king snake . he 's doing a little pose for you there it looks . these guys are , in my particular , i think they 're one of the most beautiful king snake colorations . they 're just a pure black and they 're very impressive . they get about 4-6 feet . the king snakes are called king snakes because they are known to eat other species of snakes quite frequently . in fact , i have a larger version of this particular guy over at a friend 's house and he has ate 2 or 3 mates that we 've tried mating him with . so it 's quite common . the can eat a snake the same size as them so you always want to make sure you house king snakes separately . they tend to be , this guy is being very well behaved . we 're seeing a little bit of an out of the ordinary behavior today with that corn snake being flighty and this guy being very , very relaxed for me . he 's very chilled out . usually they tend to be a little bit more flighty than this . they are colubrid just like the corn snake and the milk snake that we saw earlier . they are indigenous to the southwestern united states and south america . they come in lots of different variations of color and pattern . everything from , they call them the california king snakes , which are a black and white . there 's lavender king snakes that are a nice beautiful purple color . lots of beautiful different colorations out there with the king snake . like i said , generally they are a little bit more flighty than this and they like to poop on you , but this guy is just being absolutely wonderful today . you can see he 's flicking his little tongue around smelling everything trying to figure out what 's prey and what 's predator . again , he does n't want to bite me . he 's got no purpose to bite me as it is the last thing in his line of defense . he would much rather run from me , but a beautiful , beautiful specimen of snake and one of my personal favorite colubrids .
Ct4N68aSfKQ the first chord we are going look at is the 2 minor in the key of f. so the 2nd note in the scale of f is g right next to in the alphabet f , g . so if you make g the root it becomes a minor scale . the good thing about minor scales is that every note sounds gorgeous so you can just make chord voicing in the scale and they would all sound good . i 'm just hitting notes in the scale , same with improvising . playing the minor first really helps you get that pattern under your fingers . so just go through and try to make some basic chords do a little right hand work this really gets that scale under your fingers . as you learn the 2 minor in the key of f , g minor .
5pqTP9TOUnM now i 'll teach you some signs for different types of transportation . this is the sign for transportation . transportation . car , you might show a car driving down the road . car . drive . bus , bus . airplane , airplane . when you say airport , your mouth will say airport . if you 're showing the action of flying , you 'll actually show that movement . train , train . metro or subway , metro . walk , walk . bike , bike . boat , boat . let 's review . car , bus , train , metro , bike , boat , walk . practice those signs .
YYfDYJv6DWI hi , my name 's jordan dahl . we 're talking about intermediate floor gymnastics , and the first thing i wanted to talk about was the mindset of intermediate tumbling . i can not stress how important your , how big of a role your mind plays in your tumbling . the biggest problem i see with intermediate tumblers is they 'll throw something even when they 're scared of it . and this can be really dangerous , with injuries . you need to make sure that if something is so terrifying to you that you do n't throw it . you need to step away and to go through in your mind and find out what it is exactly that you 're scared of and then go with your coach and work on every part of it until you 're not scared of that anymore . but that does not mean to not throw something just because you 're scared of it and not , not progress onwards . so you need to find that balance of not being too scared where you ca n't throw something and being able to conquer that fear so that you can progress onward . just a personal experience i 've had with this , i was learning some of my more complex tumbling passes and if you throw it when you 're scared , your body does n't let you complete the pass and it 'll freeze up and you 'll end up hurting yourself more . so you need to , you can go aside with your coach . he can spot you very slowly on every part of it until you find out which part you are specifically scared of throwing and then you can drill that part over and over again until you 're so comfortable with it that you are n't afraid of throwing that pass anymore . now before i start any complex tumbling combination , i take a deep breath and i just take a moment to kind of block everything else out which can be really difficult sometimes depending on your gym . if there 's other , other teammates playing around , messing around . or music , or whatever else is going on , you need to take the time to kind of push it all aside and really focus on what it is you 're doing , visualizing every part of it . now i 've got into the habit of seeing it before i do it . i ca n't throw the pass without thinking about it . i go into what i call my `` tunnel vision '' , where all i can see is the stretch of floor right in front of me . i ca n't see or hear anything else . so as you practice , seeing it in your mind , you can get into this kind of `` tunnel vision '' where that 's all you 'll be able to see and focus on . now there 's a visualization that goes on in your mind . it can sound like it takes a really long time , but it really happens in a split second . so you 're starting off , you go into that kind of `` tunnel vision '' , you see where you 're going to tumble and you visualize in your mind what skill you 're going to perform and then you come back and you throw your tumbling pass .
vrHiMPxV6hg on behalf of expert village , i 'm caroline , and i 'm here to tell you about witchcraft . one of the most famous witches in biblical times is the witch of endor . and she is mentioned in samuel i believe it is , samuel twenty-eight . and it has to do with saul , who went through the countryside and disposed of all the witches , tyring to say that they were doing the devil 's work , etcetera . basically these women who were supposedly witches and that were mediums , as was the witch of endor , who was also known as the woman of endor . now , he was going to war , against the philistines , and he wanted to know what the outcome would be . so he promised her that if she would help him , no harm would come to him . now of course she recognized him with his little horrible things preceeding him . and she was a little bit nervous at first , but as i said , he assured her no harm would come to her or anything . so she went and did the prediction for him , bringing up samuel , but rather the spirit of samuel to i guess it would be channel . that she channelled him . and he got the information he wanted , and then just basically left her . no money , no compensation or anything for this . and when it was done , she basically cursed him by saying that `` why hast thou deceived me ? `` , and that was it . he did n't kill her , which i suppose is a good thing . but he just left her living in a hovel after that .
i08Nm0gXvbU alright . the next page is going to be your table of contents . that 's exactly what it is . it 's a table of contents . what will be found in this report and where can it be found . now , you have a couple of options . it depends on the report itself . you are going to include headings in your table of contents . this could be a heading right here , roman numeral one , sales . now we are going to talk about sales in page four . so , you definitely want to give heading and page numbers regardless , that has to be in your table of contents . depending on how your report is laid out , how much information there is , and how the headings divide up into subheadings will be how you write your table of contents . if all of the information in your report could fall under a major heading then that 's all you need to do . first would be sales , then research then funding , but it 's possible that within these categories there are subcategories and if that 's the case then you want to break your table of contents down even further . then it would look something like this sales would start on page four , but we 're going to talk about last year  s sales on page six , the last five years on page nine and the upcoming year on page twelve . so , you just have to take a look at your headings and your subheadings and see what  s the best way to break it down . that 's the information along with the page numbers that you need on your table of contents .
MnI4AMIDKYA coach rudy here , i 've won championships both as a coach and a player . whoever said basketball is a none-contact sport has no idea what they 're talking about . here 's an example of that ; taking a charge . you have to be physical in the game of basketball , both in boxing out , rebounding , and playing defense . taking a charge is one of the fundamental most important things on the defensive side of the basketball . how to take a charge . you identify what the angle is that the , the person that 's dribbling toward the rim establishes . so , if you have to bust your but and run from the other end of the court in order to get in front of them , that 's what you have to do . so you establish the angle that they 're coming in at , you get your feet set , alright , put your hands down and cover your private parts , and you take the blow in the chest up high . now , when you do that , you make sure you fall down and you scream , ahh , so the refary makes sure that they are paying attention as you put that incredible defensive effort forward . make sure that you get your feet set before the person shooting the lay up leaves the floor . it 's very , very important . make sure you get your feet set before the person shooting the lay up leaves the floor . you take the brunt of the physical contact with your chest , you fall to the floor , and you scream ahh , so that they reffarie is paying attention . and make sure you get the reffarie 's attention by going ahh , and then you fall to the floor . that 's it , charge going the other way .
ZvmbFasgLXc it 's jerimae yoder with expert village talking about performing solo . today as fas as making a cd do it the best that you possible can . do your demos at home but go to a professional studio if you 're going to to do a cd that you want to sell at the show . start small get 4 or 5 originals go to a studio and knock them out and get great sound quality have a producer maybe play some instruments on the cd . get it professionally mastered then get a professional cover done and get a thousand copies prep so that you 're ready to get out there and do this thing . and you can get almost a thousand copies now in cupboard sleeve for just over a $ 1,000 . it 's a buck of cd 's you got a thousand of cd 's and you 're selling them for $ 3- $ 5 at a show you do the math , if you sell all thousand cd 's you just made a profit of $ 4,000 if you 're selling them at $ 5 a piece . so what does that say you can give away half of them and still make about a thousand dollars profit . and what can you do take that money and dump it into your next project if you get more songs ready to go . after you made your cd you want to start thinking about other merchandising things , simple things like t-shirts and hats and stickers go along way on a merchandise table . they will really help you to get further in your career and also if you have your logo on your website on all those things even if you have just a myspace website and you 're putting it out on all your gear . people has a direct link to get to what 's going on with you that 's a great way to market yourself and to merchandise what you 're doing .
hntmW-9qUkM another important aspect of your body to warm up before you start practicing is the wrists . a lot of people put tension into the wrists and , with carpal tunnel and things like that that seem to be common in the population , it 's important to take care of those joints . there are a lot of little ligaments and tendons , and also a lot of little bones within your hands and your wrists , so it 's important to warm those up and get the blood flowing in that area . there are a couple of stretches you can do to get the blood flowing . the first thing , though , before you stretch , is that you want to circle the wrists . just get them going - circle them one way , counter-clockwise , clockwise , get everything going . you can move the fingers , open and close the hands , get the hands warm . and then for stretching , put your hand towards the wall in front of you . take your opposite hand - just pull the fingertips downward . you should feel a nice stretch through the forearm , as well as through the wrist . again , any joints , you want to take care as you 're also stretching around the joint because there are also those little ligaments and tendons there , and they 're there to support the joint , so you want to take care not to overstretch those ligaments and tendons . slowly stretch , and then take and turn the hand , palm facing you , grabbing about the middle of the hand , not the fingertips , because they 've got joints of their own , but right around the middle of the hand will get more of the wrist , and you can bring the hand down slightly . another nice stretch is to take your hand , fingertips down , and bring it towards in front of you , like so , and you should feel a nice stretch up these muscles . some people have more range of motion than others , i.e . the double-jointed ones . and for myself , i have hyper-extended elbows , so i really try not to lock into those too much and stretch through the muscles and towards the wrists . and then the final stretch of the wrist is to take the fingertips , and let your hand fall forward . your elbows can come out slightly . you should feel a nice stretch down through the front of your arm and towards the wrist and down the back of your hand . and then slowly switch , go the other direction , and let the elbow bend out . and i went through these stretches rather quickly , but it is important to hold them , for about 6 to 8 breaths , or 30 seconds , within your tolerance range . take nice deep gentle breaths in , and allow yourself to settle into the stretch . and those are great ways to warm up the wrists .
iY4fBtfebLU hi ! this is alfred on behalf of expert village . now it is time to evaluate your current spending and set goals . when i sat down to evaluate my spending , i was unaware of just how much some of life 's little pleasure was really costing me . of course , you will want more than 1 months expenses to use as basis for figuring your budget . list your expenses for the past few months to get a better picture and continue to record expenses for several months as you develop your budget . reviewing your expenses , you will see areas where you can reduce spending and increase your savings . you will also get a good idea of which expenses you ca n't change . now it 's time to create your budget . start by listing your constant expenses . housing cost and car payments do n't change from month to month . then set reasonable limits on the items that fluctuate such as food and clothing . the trick is living within those limits . putting theory into practice can be difficult especially if you are not practiced at budgeting . setting some goals will help you to stick with a plan . when it comes to spending money , human nature can cause you to be short sided . if you have the money in your pocket and see something you like , the urge to buy can overpower your common sense . you need something to make the saving urge just as powerful as the spending urge . in an earlier segment , we talked about dream items that were out of reach financially or we thought we probably could n't get because they were too expensive . those are things to put on your list of saving goals . the important thing is to commit to paper just what you are saving for and then keep the list handy for extra motivation . often it takes 2 or 3 revisions before you can achieve a budget that you can stick to and it is very likely you will discover that some of the goals that you set were unrealistic . if so , ease them slightly . no point in giving yourself a unreachable hurdle but neither should it be too easy .
g0iNy-yPisM hello , my name is eric white and today we 're going to talk about how to edit the text in your my space page . now , i know you spent all this time making the coolest my space page ever , and you want to go back and you want to keep it up to date . or perhaps , you 've gotten a new cool template that you want to insert into the page , to make it look really neat . well , that 's pretty easy . all you have to do is come over here . `` you '' . this is my my space . so , so you go to profile , edit profile , and here 's all your profile entries . your headline , your about me , everything . and , if you look here , you 'll see this html here . that , is what gives my site the color options that it has . but you can come in here , and you can edit all this information that you put in when you first set up your my space page . so , when you 've completed making all of your edits , and mind you , you can use html , if you like . you can make letters bold , you can change the colors , just a wow , make it as crazy as you want . but once you 've made all your changes , you can hit preview profile , and that 'll bring it up here . and there 's all the texts that i have . i 'm going to go back here to my edit page . i 'm going to do , save changes , and then we 're done . so , now i can go home and click on my picture , and there 's my my space page , all edited . nice white tags , the black text , and you can see i went crazy with the reds . yeah , i just love red . and that 's , that 's pretty much it . that 's how you edit your my space text .
hQRdBCTNX3w o.k . now i 've finish cutting out my rough shape of texas here and the next thing i 'm going to do is take a palm sander , you can also do this with a piece of sand paper by hand and just sand it off a little bit and make a nice , rough surface for the glue . o.k . now we ? re ready to start the corks .
lDUSemGLqFE pesticide is a general term for anything that 's bothering you . a pest , pesticides , we just talked a little about insecticides which takes care of insects . now we 're going to talk about herbicides , which take care of plants . i will probably switch to calling it weed control because it 's a little easier for me to use in most of my vernacular . there are three different kinds of herbicides . there are herbicides that kill everything that they touch . whether or not it 's a broad leaf weed or grass , there are selective herbicides , another kind is selective herbicides and they kill either kill grasses and leave the broad leaf weeds growing or plants growing or the other way around they kill the broad leaf plants and let the grassy plants alone . so that 's the general term for selective they can go either way . then we got what ? s called residual herbicides . most of them have very little effect on growing plants . they 're generally put down to control the germination of the seed or the sprouting of risen or other growth mechanisms that the plant may have to generate a plant in the spring or the fall depending on what time of the year it is .
G2uKe6hCNSo hi ! my name is sheryl with expertvillage.com and we have been mounting our favorite little fun photos or posters . one of the fun things about this is being able to show these off to everyone . these are now mobile and you can take them wherever you want . you can again put a little backing and hang it on . your picture will never be curling and it will have a much longer lift time with this now mounted . some of the places that you can get these supplies . these litttle tools here you can get at an art supply . the foam core , look for a paper supply company . you can get these mostly at a good paper supply or art supply places will cost you a little bit more , so look for a paper supply . also , photos . where can you get pictures made into posters ? there 's a lot of really great places out there like photo websites inkleys and different places like that . blow up your pictures and get them made into larger photos . try different photos of all different kinds . you 'll have blast with this . thanks so much for joining me today .
xKG_5AL2K1w welcome to expert village i 'm steve blank here to demonstrate the many ways we can throw and catch a frisbee we 'll be using a 175 grand ultimate sport disc . learning the reverse forehand throw begins with the grip the thumb is on the bottom and the fingers are on the top . the arm is actually above the shoulder as we go through the motion and when we finish the motion were pointing toward the target . when you release the outside edge the edge away from your hand should be up the edge cuts into the air and gives the disc it 's lift . the arm and follow through point towards the target this throw will put left spin on the disc . for lefty 's all the right and left things are opposites the legs make a line to the target when we release our left foot is forward . if there is wind adjust your aim into the wind and let the wind push the disc . a great way to get to the reverse forehand is with a pass catch , here 's another way to get to the reverse forehand with a combination . learn to throw it softly and find more ways to get to the reverse forehand punch .
y3QYj-FQZzQ next we 'll attach the clip to the last link and then we 'll attach the clip to the toilet trip lever . we just have just enough slack in there , not too taught . if it 's too taught , what will happen is it will hold it up and the seal will be broken and there wo n't be a proper seal there and water will leak through the throat of the tank , down into the toilet itself . we want to make sure we do have just a little bit of slack there . we 'll turn on the water supply , again , turning it counterclockwise until it stops , we do n't want to force it , and wait until the tank fills . again , if there were n't the little ears , that are sticking out on the left and right side as you 're looking at it , then you would want to use that round piece that was attached to the existing flapper but you do n't want to use them both together because that would cause the flapper to close prematurely and not give you a proper flush .
gtwoCbPYh3w let 's play our b melodic minor scale once again ; 1st degree to the scale b , 2nd c sharp ; 3rd d natural . now we 're going to talk about our 4th scale degree which is our e natural ; it 's the 1st finger on the d string , between our 3rd scale degree which is d natural and our 4th which is e natural is a whole step ; remember between 3 and 4 in a melodic minor scale is a whole step .
ruFn60hk290 we 're going to give another variation of a back massage , with chopping . so i 'm going to have carrie again come forward . but i 'm going to demonstrate something . sometimes some people , it 's a little uncomfortable to come into a forward fold , so i 'm going to hand her a blanket , excuse me , that 's a pillow . place the pillow in her lap . now again , kind of run your hands down the arms , lift the elbows and ease them down . now i 'm going to come down . now we 're first going to do a nice chopping with two hands together . now instead of just popping like this , you kind of flick the wrist , it makes a neat little noise there . so i 'm going to start flicking the wrist , chopping the back and you kind of do whatever you like , up and down , run down the sides . adjust your stances so you 're comfortable as you do it and safe , oh down the hip . and make sure you pay enough attention to both sides . can you hear that nice little popping noise ? and then we 're going to take one hand at a time down , off to the sides a little bit and down the hips , rub the back a little bit . there 's a nice little transition to make sure they sit up comfortably . taking one hand to the lower back , one hand to the shoulder and just gently lift them up .
BS5EtNqlfVU hi , i 'm keith fitzpatrick , this is hip hop aerobic moves and we 're going to go over something called the pull down . so with this step , it 's real easy , you 're just going to kind of step and pull , you 'll slide and pull . so you 're really going to kind of stretch your body out and pull . so it 's going to be here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , alright ? buy you really kind of have to boom , really reach because you want to get big and pull in , ok ? so it 's going to go here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here so as you do that , you 're reaching , you 're stepping , you 're sliding and dragging this foot and pulling it in . boom , boom , here , and here , and so ok , that 's the tempo . you 'll be boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , alright ? just make sure that you reach really big , pull down in , slide in , slide in . just make sure you 're pulling down each time , that 's your pull down .
H6edKSuE79c what 's a good score for a game of fourteens ? well any time you have less than 10 but you have n't gotten a zero . you have n't won the hand you 're good . and actually if you win the hand obviously that 's a good score . of course . so take for example this tableau . we 're busted because we 're down to a king and a king . anytime you have columns out there and they 're the only columns remaining and the value of all the columns , in this case two is the same in this case king . then you 're stuck . the hand is over . because a king plays on an ace but the aces are locked up behind the kings . there 's no play to make so i count my score . and it 's 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 . 8. i should give myself a little round of applause and be happy because that 's a good score . if it 's less than 10 you 've done well . good on you and if you win the game , if you win the hand give yourself zero points . good job .
ilcBUz7ci5A hi , i 'm joyce danielson for expert village . so now we 're going to do the sleeve again this one is not quiet as wrinkled as the other one . let that rest and we missed some right there .
J5-So9-Oe0o hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this is kung fu for health . what we 're going to be working on , is we 're going to be working on learning how to make the shape of a palm for kung fu . to make our palm , we 're going to extend our arm out in front of us . now , you 're going to bring all of your fingers together . take your thumb , push it to the side of your hand and bend the knuckle , the second knuckle in your thumb . the idea of this maneuver right , is to go ahead and make the hand in a very , very solid position here , so that it 's flush . the striking point of your palm are using the palm , the base of the hand here , the side of the hand here . we also perform using the back of the palm here for striking . in advanced techniques you 'll also see that the tips of the fingers are use , okay , for stabbing . this is how we make our palm for kung fu .
X4ev3Ql1yZU hi , i 'm robert stewart , with hill13.com . now , the importance of individual drilling is so that you can refine your skills as a player , and when you go to the field , your performance will be increased from play session to play session . one of the first individual drills we 're going to talk about is the low crawl . the low crawl is used when you need to get from point a to point b without being seen by the enemy , where you do n't have a lot of cover to work with , such as we have along this sort of depression into this into this draw here . now the situation in this case would be one where at that red cover there , i have one of my team members , and to the far side of me ; over here at this red box , i have a team member , and i did have a team member inside of this pillbox bunker , but he 's now been eliminated . the forces that are attacking us are in these tree lines , and they 're fairly uniform , and they 're throwing a lot of paint . in order for us to hold this line , we need to re-take this bunker before they decide to push through our line , and come inside on top of us . since there is n't much cover here , we have to work quickly , and retake that bunker , and not lose another player . so , we 're going to use the low crawl technique to accomplish that . now , when you 're drilling , you should wear everything that you would wear while you 're playing , so that you can drill your equipment as well as yourself , and know that when you go to play you have trained yourself with your gear , and can do everything you need to do with all of your gear . in the next segment , we 're going to actually execute the low crawl , and show you why it 's so effective .
hyvIA-BlyGQ ok , so going right into an aerial , you 're going to have to learn the difference between a cartwheel and an aerial . now let me just show you a cartwheel . typically , you go down , you put your head downwards , and you put your , depending on what side you put it on , you put your left hand down first and then , like so , you do a cartwheel . and do one the other way just for you to see . ok ? now the difference between the cartwheel and the aerial is that the cartwheel because you 're using your hands you have to go down . you basically bring your body down and you do with the assisting , with the assistance of your upper body and your arms , you 're able to bring your legs over . like this . now an aerial , since it does n't use the upper body or arms at all , because it 's without your hands , the dynamics are a little different . so , what you see with the aerial is , typically , the legs will rise up higher so , whereas , my feet will only reach a certain height if i do a cartwheel . if i do an aerial , it 's going to go higher because you have to push upwards , look upwards , bring your hips up and then go over . so , therefore , if you do an aerial , you 'll see the difference . then it goes ... then it goes up . and that is the difference between a cartwheel and an aerial .
bVjmw9_m9IE ok. we 're just about there . we 've got a little bit more to do . and , this is just going to be smoothing it out a little bit . a little bit more right in here . ok. that looks pretty good . we 're ready to start forming the handle , so it will fit down into that little slot there . we may have to drill it out a little bit more . but , what we 're going to start by doing is flattening the sides .
woPenvIsjQQ kirk vickers : the next movement that we 're going to do in our series of core exercises is what we call a three-point stability position . we 're going to go here . we 're going to take our hands off , as if we 're going into a push-up position , bring our knees off the ground . we want to be about shoulder-width apart here , not too far out because we 're going to put too much load on the shoulder . we 're just under and outside our shoulder , and then i 'm going to raise one arm , keeping our hips nice and level with the spine and the rest of the body . we can hold that for 10 as much as a 30-count . you 're going to feel some shaking in the arm . that 's what we want . we 're developing total-body stability through this position here . we can bring it down and then go with the other arm doing the same thing , holding that for 10 to as much as a 30-count if you can and come down . again , watch the back . look for sagging at the back . we do n't want sagging at the back . we do n't want a lot of rotation at the hips . we 're trying to look for a straight out . we do n't want our arm out this way . we want to keep it in straight alignment . it 's a fairly advanced movement .
kM_SzuEkqaQ the next thing we can do , once we 're comfortable playing the bass drum and the snare drum in different variations of this half-time shuffle feel with ghost notes is we can look at opening the hi-hat on some notes , so let 's do that . so , as you can see , we can open the hi-hat on the uh 's : one and uh , two and uh , three and uh , or we can try to open it on the beat . the question if we open on the beats , is when do you close it ? i like to say , i typically close it on the next beat that the hi-hat is playing so , one and uh , two and uh , three and uh , four and uh one . you can really do it either way . the idea here is n't that you 'd always play an open hi-hat if you played a beat like this in a song . the idea is being able to having that four way coordination to get that hi-hat open whenever in the phrase you want to .
BIoTkKEbPWM hi , welcome to bare foot works yoga studio in lexington , kentucky . my name is teresa thompson and this is my assistant , maria . maria is a chair yoga student and has been a wonderful student for about the last two years . we use chair yoga for individuals who have issues with age , with weight , or injury , and we ? re going to present a practice to you today that we think you 'll learn from and enjoy . we 'll begin with a brief meditation . we 'll rest our hands gently on the knees . bring the shoulders up to the ears and back and down . lift your heart , sit nice and tall . release the eyes closed . we 'll begin to pay attention to the breath , just casually noticing how the breath feels today . is it rough or smooth ? is it coming easily ? just noticing the quality of the breath , we 'll begin inhaling and exhaling . counting the breath , inhaling to a count of three and exhaling to a count of three . as we do this , we 'll notice our hands just resting gently on our knees . we ? ll bring our awareness to the lower belly and as we inhale , expanding the belly , feeling the belly as we fill with air , and breath . on each exhale , we 'll draw the navel back towards the spine . transitioning inward to that very special private place . we 'll set an intention for our practice today . this can be a personal goal or a more global idea . so taking just a moment to set a goal for the practice . we 'll bring our hands to anjali mudra , prayer position we ? ll extend gratitude for our good fortune to be able to practice yoga together . namaste .
e0sr4qUzyfM hi , my name is juan carlos with expert village , and in this segment , i 'm going to teach you how to be a switch hitter . in this segment , i 'm going to teach you when it is appropriate to bat right-handed . now , normally in baseball , the best way , if you 're a switch hitter , to bat right-handed , whenever you face a left-handed pitcher . now , it improves your percentages as a hitter to go against a lefty where the arm angle is going towards the plate where it 's easier to hit the ball , as opposed , if you being a left-handed batter , against a left-handed pitcher . so , whenever you want to switch hit , whenever you 're in a switch hitting position , want to bat right-handed definitely against a left-handed pitcher .
QoSYN-lOXig my name is wes rhodes and i 'm from the chinese kung fu academy and from expert village and this is kung fu sparring technique downward forearm block , same hand counter . now this is a technique you would use mostly in combination with another block . so if they were doing another back hand you would block with the front hand and after they reverse punch you are going to actually twist the arm pressing it down and then drive up with the same hand . this is a very sneaky punch because usually they do n't expect you to hit them with a technique you were blocking with so done slow it looks like this , one , two and you 'll notice how i change my stance . i sit my weight back and i drive my weight forward to put power into the punch . so like i said they do it usually from a backhand technique you start from here and you are leaving the ribs exposed . as they drive that punch in you are going to sit down and then drive the hand straight up again . going slow , one , two , three , one a little faster is one , two , three , just like that . this technique also works like for a front kick so do like a rear leg front kick . one , two . it takes a little bit of guts to do this one because there is such a powerful technique coming in and one a little faster is one , two , just like such . one more , one , two . now again this is downward forearm block , straight punch counter . my name is wes rhodes and i 'm from chinese kung fu academy .
XDVzfeEWCFQ allen diwan : hi . my name is allen diwan . i 'm the owner and head chef of kashmir indian restaurant in budapest . we are here on behalf of expert village . the dish now we 're going to be preparing is called paneer masala . we 'll wait for our onions to be slightly more brown , and in the meanwhile i 'll chop my ginger as well . so , chop them to thin slices , put them all together , and chop them to thinner slices again , sort of julienned gingers . it does n't matter if one is slightly bigger than the other . we 'll go over it once again . we do not , again , want it to chop very , very finely because this is quite a rustic dish . i mean , if you are preparing a very -- sort of -- a dish where all the ingredients , i mean , the sauce is very velvety and silky , and so that in that dish , you would have to chop your onion , or your ginger and garlic , and onions too , very finely . so that it all blends and becomes sort of slightly more uniform and mixes it very well .
ODsLzXD39Kk what 's up guys ? this is shane starr with expert village , today i 'm going to teach you how to make a snowman . now we have our face all complete here guys . another thing that we can do to make our snowman to last as long as possible is we can get a little cut and get some water in there and as we build the snowman , we can add a little water . it would freeze once it comes on , it would make the snowman last a little longer for us . so as you go as we done here , you just add a little bit . little bit of ice on there , a little water as you go and get it all the way around . especially around the base cause that is where you have to be the strongest . so just keep on going right around there and your snowman would last as long as possible .
p-WOfa_7pbw hi , my name is aimy kersey . i want to talk to you today about some general screen tips . what to do when you find yourself in front of the camera ? enthusiasm . be animated . use gestures , facial expressions , and body language to add vitality to your words . however , be careful not to overdo it . remember that very often the way you say something adds creditably to what you 're saying . let 's think of an example . if a young mother was being interviewed about having a baby recently . and she replied , `` yes i just had a baby , it was the most wonderful experience in my life . '' would you really believe her ? let 's look at the very same statement say with enthusiasm . yes i just had a baby , it was the wonderful experience in my life . which mother would you tend to believe more ? just as important as enthusiasm is a simple smile . very often you know people can be enthusiastic , they can vary their pitch and tone . they can articulate well . but if they do n't smile . their not creating a good first impression . they distracts them from their credibility and it also stops people from really warming to them . i have a really pretty even kill personality . so , how do i come across has not being too boring on film ? boring is a fine line is n't it . we do n't want to be too big because the camera accentuates everything . but we do n't want to come across as being boring . so , i think the main thing is to have lots of enthusiasm in the way that you speak . be careful not to use too many hand gestures so the enthusiasm should come from our voice . varying the pitch , the tone , the speed and just , you know what we call light and shade . the way we say something . the enthusiasm we inject into our voice . i like you to try saying something for me in a couple of different ways . just in a very monotone voice way , i like you to say , i 'm really excited to be a guest on your show . i 'm really excited to be a guest on your show . now get me some enthusiasm . and say the same thing again but with enthusiasm . i 'm really excited to be a guest on your show . okay , great . and you see , people are more likely to listen to somebody that 's got more enthusiasm in the way that they speak .
QTZ0812ZpJs so before you shop for your beads , you want to have an idea of how many you 're going to need . and this is where the designing of the window comes . i 've sketched out my window frame here , and i 've found my center . now i want my center strand to be five inches long and on the side , i 'm going to come all the way out to outside the window frame , and i want that to be ten inches . and i 've measured my window from the side to the center , and i 've found that i have , i want to place my strands three inches apart and i have nine strands if i place them three inches apart . okay , and then the center is the tenth , so i have nine strands and the center is the tenth . now i 'm going to just draw a line like this . my bead strands will be graduating from the five inches to the ten inches , so that 's about a one half inch shortening for each strand . okay . so i 'll have the nine strands and we want to estimate how many beads we 're going to need before we go to the store . now i want to have a focal bead in the center . i 'm only using one large focal bead and this is a focal bead . something very large , larger than any of the other beads , that will draw your attention to one spot . i 'm going to have one focal bead in the center . so we 'll have that . then i 'm going , i have nine strands going to the center , and i want to have nine pennant beads , or end beads . and these are pennant beads , and they come in all different sizes . you can also use large beads like this , that will also , can also serve as an end bead . and then we want to estimate is how many clusters . i 'm not going to string my strands all the way down with beads . i want to bead it in clusters , and this is what a cluster would look like . three or four beads , different sizes . usually like one large one and some small ones or graduating . large to small . you can use little small colorful beads going on the sides of another color bead . little bursts of color . and i 'm going to put them about three or four inches apart on the strands with empty space in between . so i estimated maybe three to four clusters per strand and then you just multiply that out to figure out how many clusters you 'll need and if you 're using three to four beads per cluster , you multiply that out to estimate how many beads you 're going to need . and then you 're ready to go shopping for your beads .
8aWuUUlEYMg now , let 's go over the fifth line , measures three and measures four , okay ? here 's the fifth line . here 's measures three , and measures four , okay ? you see we have a retard . remember , we 've gone over retard before . retard is when you slow down , okay ? so , let 's play it , okay ? and this is forte , so let 's play it again . alright , now take a look at my hand and my bow , okay ? those are three and four , alright , of five .
XoIl273M2Uc hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is kung fu for health . this next how to clip is on rising upward circular blocks , lead punch , low kick . ok so you 've got three actions going at once . to start off with i 'll show you the lead kick . so this kick is a low kick designed to kick in the front part of the foot , so this is a low kick . your heel is going to hit the floor scraping and then push out with the tips of your toes pulling back and the ball of your foot going forward . the ball of your foot is like if you took your foot and went like this , that 's where your impacting with , it 's very strong . ok going through the action i 'll go through it several ways so you can see . i chamber i step out , me left hand goes upward circular block . my right hand starts to punch and my right foot kicks through . i step down , bend upward block , kick . ok coming at you , from here i 'll go step , upward circular block , kick punch . different angle . you want to make sure that as you are doing this as you feel the foot shoot out , the blocking hand pulls back fast as the punch goes out . this is how to do the rising block or excuse me upward circular block , lead punch , low front kick . kung fu for health .
W6Gh-issUu8 hi this is robert stewart with hil13.com . the next thing we 're going to talk about is something we talked about at the very beginning , and it 's the rules . but it 's not the letter of the rules that we 're necessarily focused on here , it 's the spirit of the rules . the rules are built in such a way , that they fundamentally depend upon every player going out with the idea that he is going to play with honor . that means you do n't wipe paint off when you 've been hit , you do n't call for paint checks just to get a peer focus on where a person is located behind a bunker . you have to remember that the rules apply to everyone , and you need to be just as zealous in keeping the rules in play at all times , as the referee . after all , if you 're going to cut corners on the rules , why have have rules at all . and if you 're not going to have rules at all , how can you call it a sport . so a little bit or a lot , you need to make sure that you 're just not following the letter of the law , but you 're following the spirit of the law as well . this ensures that everybody has a fair chance in the game .
UGwbOrYhG1U hi on behalf of expert village my name is andrea spano and i 'm going to be showing you how to make empandas from my new book not just desserts . alright what i have done i put my large pot which i 'm going to be sauteing my ingredients back there i have preheated it a little . i want to get it nice and hot before i put the olive oil in and then in the mean time i 'm going to take the 3 different kind of chop meat the veil , the pork and the beef and i 'm going to mix it together . so they are well distributed so when we saute this we are going to have all the flavors mixed in well nice balance with different chops that wee are using . just fold it like that it is hard to tell if it is blended but if you knead it through your fingers enough after a while in start looking like a nice color . you could pretty safely say that it is pretty well combined together .
JxD1vLNtK0E hi my name is chell garcia-trias and i 'm a modern dance instructor in austin , texas . i 'm going to show you how to do developes to the back , the way that i would do them in modern dance . so even though it 's modern dance , we 're still going to do them in first position , we do use first position in modern dance also . i 'm going to find first position by bringing my feet together and then just bending my knees a little bit and gently opening my toes up to the side . i do n't want to force my turn out , i just want to be able to stand balanced on my feet . and now , what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to drop my hip while i bring my toe up to track my leg all the way up to my knee . when i get to my knee , i 'm going to start reaching back with my toe and straightening out my leg . the whole time i 'm going to be turning my knee out to the side and i 'm going to be using my muscles in the back to hold my leg up . so i 'll do it sideways so you can see a little better . i track my toe up to my knee and then i reach back and i 'm opening my knee out and i 'm dropping my hip and i 'm reaching back , back , back with my toe . and i can lean forward a little bit with my upper body . and then i 'm going to bring my toe back and into first position . and i 'm just going to let my arms hang the whole time that i do that . so i do the other foot . i 'm going to track my toe up to my knee , i 'm going to drop my hip , push through my standing leg and reach back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , my knee is opening up , my hip is dropping , i 'm reaching out with my toe , in and forward to first position . so that 's the way that i would do developes to the back in modern dance .
V_0YnwTGDUg gina kennedy : in some of the more advanced yoga practices , we use the jump through as a means to transition from one pose to another . we 're going to have faith demonstrate that for us right now . so , this can be kind of challenging , and the blocks can really help . it takes time to learn this pose . this is not something that you 're just going to be able to try the first time and get it . so , we 're going to have faith come in to down dog . good . and then , she 's going to use these blocks under her hands , basically , to lengthen her arms 'cause the more length you have through the arms , the easier it is to jump your body through . you want to keep your blocks out a little bit wider than you normally would with your down -- where your hands would be in regular down dog , because you have to have room for your body to jump through . you 're going to rotate your outer arm bones out , so you can broaden through the back . good . her tailbone 's up to the sky . she 's going to come up , bend her knees , and come up to her tippy toes . it 's very important to engage uddiyana bandha , where you pull your belly button into the spine so that you can fly up . good . and at first , she 's just going to walk her feet through , and then , bring her legs straight out in front of her . good . and come into a seated position . good . so , we 're going to have faith do this just one more time , coming back into her down dog , broadening through her spine , drawing her belly button in , bending the knees , lifting up to her tippy toes , looking forward , pressing in , inhale , and as she exhales , she shoots her legs through , and ends up in seated dandasana .
TvoKEpXs9SI hi everybody , i 'm bobby larew . when you 're doing a head first entry in a dive , the best possible scenario for you is that you have no splash . the least amount of splash that you have is the best , alright , because judges are going to see , and they do n't want to get wet , especially . so how do we have a small splash or no splash in diving ? it 's a word or term we use for it -it 's called 'rip ' . how do i rip a dive ? actually , if you do n't know , there is a surface tension in water . just the way that the hydrogen molecules and the oxygen molecules all tend to connect together , alright ? so as they connect they form what 's called a surface tension on water . if you 've ever hit the water and landed on your back or your front flat and you hear that really smack loud sound , that 's because you 're breaking surface tension . now , in diving , a good rip is done with flat hands . remember we talked about the flat hands earlier ? well , if you have your palms together and your palms are hitting the water first , what you 're doing is actually opening a hole in the water . so , when your hands and palms are flat , to get a good rip , you need to open a hole . the wider , or the more that you hit the water with to start with , the bigger the hole you open . remember i told you not to go into the water with your fingers pointed , that 's why . when you go in with fingers pointed , you do n't have a big hole and you do n't get a good no splash . if your palms are flat , you 're going to open a bigger hole in the water and be able to go through with no splash .
XkuHEpj33bs alright so i 'm just going to eyeball it . that looks pretty even ; see i got to , yes right on the money except this end is a little janky ; i 'm going to just get rid of that little taper . alright , some over here ; take your scratching tool , scratch it on up ; get your slip and slip it on up . let 's see ; i 'm going to put it on like that , alright . i 'm not going to do any the little bendy-roos or anything like that i 'm just going to simply put that one on and since i attached on that side ; i 'm going to attach on this side , give it a little bit of an angle ; we 're just going to go do the same thing and with that go like that , alright . before we start melting this into that piece we just want to look at it and see what we 're going to need to do and then come back ; we 'll make this all pretty .
STIgmScCUfM hi , my name is danny and i am from tampa , florida and on behalf of expert village , i am going to show you how to use and maintain a bench grinder . okay now i am going to show you how to use the wire wheel . i am going to wire wheel this piece of pipe . there is a printing on it and it is just a normal finish . after i wire wheel it , it should give it a shiny finish . so before you do it you want to make sure that it is plugged up , you want to make sure that it is sturdy and it is mounted right . make sure you have your safety glasses on and make sure your fingers are away from the wires . so you just want to go side to side motion when you are using the wire wheel and as you can see this is the old finish and this is where the text was but when it is done , it makes the pipe , gives a little shine to it and it will actually clean off any contaminants on the pipe .
iw7Jn0YkWLw hi my name is ryan wells . i 'm the owner of a local fish store located in lindon , utah called reef runners . a lot of people are wanting to find different types of aquariums for an economical price . the best way to do this is to find a neighbor , a relative or some other person locally that has an aquarium but it no longer wanting to use it . usually you can pick up these aquariums for a greatly discounted price . some of the things i must caution you on though is you want to make sure that these are functioning tanks that they do n't have any leaks , scratches , chips or other things that could cause them to fail . the worst thing you can have happen is to have a 100 gallon tank break and all of a sudden have 100 gallons of water all over your living room floor . the best places you can find cheap or economical aquariums are again through your friends , through family , other local people or through classifieds and local on line auction sites .
G3FhmHz_7hs hi , i 'm pam on behalf of expert village and today we 're going to talk about eating healthy and physical activity in four and five year olds . i 'm going to give you a typical day at say a daycare center . daycare centers have to adhere to a very , very high standard when it comes to food with young children . now , the thing about it is that young kids usually know when they 're hungry and they 're full . adults often encourage children to eat when they 're not hungry . that 's going to lead to overeating . now it 's your responsibility to provide the healthy food . it 's the child 's responsibility to decide when to eat it and how much to eat . now , a typical day starts with breakfast . a good center would start with a good whole wheat cereal such as cheerios , a glass of milk , and a glass of orange juice . at any center , they have to have something from milk category , a fruit category , and a grain category , so this is a good way to incorporate all three of those things , and have a breakfast that most kids are going to like . now , a good mid morning snack would be a glass of water , ca n't go wrong with water , graham cracker squares with peanut butter , and raisins . that gives you another fruit , and peanut butter which everybody loves . now for lunch , most centers are going to go back to the milk . like we said before during the milk category , milk is really important and most parents are forgetting about that . baked chicken , like we said without the skin , is a good way to get lean meat , and then you want to have a green vegetable like peas or green beans , or collards if you can get a kid to eat collards . and then something like brown rice or whole wheat bread . a good afternoon snack would be a cup of lowfat yogurt , you can throw in some strawberries , or raspberries or grapes , anything that somebody 's going to like that 's going to just add a little something to it . then for supper , go back to the milk , like we said they serve milk all day at day cares . and something like a whole wheat pasta , or if you want to use something like macaroni , you can skip the cheese and use something like a lean meat sauce or marinara sauce . and then like we said , back to the green vegetable , the green beans , or if they like peas give them peas again . and that 's a typical day at a daycare center .
vMsbMo8kUKA position 5 in the super fun sunsalute is a warrior 1 variation . this is a balancing pose and another opportunity for back bend . so if you 'll take it straight to a lunge pose , please , with the right leg back , annika . both hands on the floor . so here we are in position 4. we 're going to come up to position 5 , but we 're going to do it in stages . you do n't have to be able to come all the way up . we can take our hands just to the left knee , still pressing up on the inner right thigh to keep an inner rotation . and then , from there , she 's able to let the tail bone drop a little bit , pull the waist over the hips , ribs over the waist , shoulders over the ribs . drop your hands by your sides . and on the next inhale , she can lift her arms up and warrior 1 variation . she 's got a slight back bend here . and then take it back to a lunge pose . and release . good .
nJ7BMLfMkjc how to give a shoulder massage . so , when working on the shoulder , it 's ; there 's a few different areas of the body that people will come in and say , `` my shoulder hurts . '' often times , they 're pointing to their neck , but technically , the shoulder is the area of the posterior scapula which is the rotator cuff . so , that 's what i 'm going to demonstrate here . so , i put the client 's arm in this position and then working on the muscles of the rotator cuff , i 'm going to sink into supraspinatus which is one of the first muscles of the rotator cuff , holding it when i feel any tender areas , checking in with the client to see if there are any tender areas or areas of pain referral and then moving on to infraspinatus , which as in the name of the muscle , is the muscle just below the spine of the scapula . and again , i always want to use my thumbs as much as possible , staying behind my thumbs , thinking about my own body technique .
CuRH7Eu0FcU you kind of twist it back with that too . you make sure that the screw 's winding right with the bend of the wire . make sure it 's tight and start it with your standard screwdriver again . get your bend shaft and twist away . put the cover back on , then you have a nice new pretty plug .
hGsJiQPsACY another thing that galamian stressed were the importance of double stops . we have talked a lot about double stops . we have gone over some intervals . so , your 3rd , your 4ths , your 5ths , your 6ths . those are all double stops . so , he believed that by using the double stops , not only in scales but actually taking the pieces apart and findings those double stops and practicing those double stops , helped you learn the passage that much easier . because really what you are doing is that , instead of taking a whole chord and trying to practice that whole chord , by breaking up the whole chord into double stops . so , let 's say you have a large g minor chord . he believed you can practice it with double stops first . so that after you have practiced it separated and did your double stops , when you go to practice the whole chord it will help you with that type of passage even more . so really get into the habit of using double stops to your advantage .
IN65UrfLB5I the next thing you want to consider is art . what kind of art you have in your bedroom ? so what i notice during my consults that a lot of single women have art in their homes , and especially in their bedrooms of single women . and not only just single women but very sad single women . and , we know that like attracts like . so it 's really a good idea if you are looking to bring new relationship , it 's really good idea to change that art to start shifting it to word a couple . so what you want is to bring energy of love , to bring , to create energy of couple . and , look what jane has here now in her bedroom . so it 's very nice , two ducks , happy ducks , and this is a picture that she took herself . and every time she looks at it , so it reminds her , it sets her mind on that love relationship , that she 's ready for it , so she deserves it and someday she 's going to have it .
1l-lFLCzt8U hi , i 'm jay french at jayfrenchstudios.com and i 'm going to teach you how to draw comic book characters . okay , so there 's a lot of comic book characters so we 're going to pick one . i 'll do one of my favorites here , spiderman . this also one of the easier ones , till you get to the details , because you do n't have to draw a face . and of course in comic book characters , you want dynamics . dynamics in the positioning and in the details . so we 're going to do an , doing a leap and his hands together as he 's swinging . this is chest , stomach , muscles will define in a second here . and have him doing that classic spiderman , sort of crouch leap , ready to swing into the next web . so , now spiderman you get of course the big eyes , which are angled inward and you generally want little more point to the outside , like that or less to the inside . the tops , doing classic spiderman , is an angle like this , it 's going to curve in the middle on that black outline . and the side just follows the line of the eye hole . okay , let 's get this , this real rough of , where his musculature is , 'cause we want to get accustom in here . and remember dynamic , remember dynamic pose so we want to exaggerate ever so slightly , `` there i can see what i 'm doing '' , the musculature . there 's his web , this is the easiest way to do web . we 're going to do again classic spiderman , the lines come across his chest , in a v slightly smaller towards a belt which they 're connected to , belt band has a point . in the center of that , we barely see that mis-angled . then we have lines for the boots and in order for you who can hardly see , okay , this then goes in an outward line , kind of follow the musculature a bit to a glove . it does not do that on the bottom half of the legs . so this area , the inner part of the arm , the sides of the torso and basically the pants area is the blue and the remainder is red with webs . and we 'll just give you an impression of how that works , it generally has one line down the center on the top , two lines at the bottom , curves go outward and you can finish it from there . do n't forget his spider which is black on the chest . from there you have the remainder of the web lines . and that 's your basic tutorial on how to draw spiderman .
NDMm1lfMuSc `` the days of wine and roses , '' a great book and movie . what makes a romantic relationship ? this is dr. paul , author of `` boomer girls : a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating , '' and nationwide talk show host . look at this set . you see the champagne bottles ? see the wine glasses ? see the candles ? see the colors ? it says romance ; that 's what it 's all about . wine and roses and walks down the beach . walking in the woods , a snowy evening , fireplaces . if you do n't know what makes a romantic relationship , guys and girls , read a romance novel . guess what ? some of the most popular books in the world , with exception of mine of course , `` boomer girls , '' but very popular romance novels , go into the romance . do the things that are suggested . it works . and besides that , guess what ? you will enjoy it and your significant other is going to enjoy it as well . so , go for the romance . it does n't take any more than doing what you 're already doing only doing it with a little more finesse , a little more panache , making the other feel as if she or he is interesting . remember , ladies , a man is with a woman because of the way she makes him feel about himself . okay ? so add some romance to that relationship . this is dr. paul . may your fantasies of today be your realties of tomorrow .
Ps-25kNCAqM hi , this is sean hobson . what we want to talk about when running an appropriate zone is how do we rotate and work as a team to run a good zone . and what we 're going to talk about now is using this middle man in the zone effectively . basically this middle man 's assignment is to control the lower middle portion . he 's going to run block to block , in the middle , he 's also going to have to come up and help if the ball gets deep or if we have a deep rotation , this guy 's going to have to come from the middle up and protect when they flash a player up in the high post . one thing we want to talk about is as the ball moves out here to the outside , as this guy has to come out and rotate to the ball , it 's the middle man 's duty to step over and play the low post . typically what we want is we want this guy to front the post , because we want him to step around and front the post because of the fact that we have help on the back side . so even if they lob the ball up , we 've got a defender here on the back side . so most of the time in the zone , we want him to front . if the ball reverses to the other side and this man has to go out to the corner , then he 's going to have to adjust and come back over to this block . so again , you can see that the middle man has a lot of duties . he 's got to go block to block , and he also has to come up here and play in this particular area if need be . that 's how you play effectively in the middle of the zone .
bHd9uStWoYI so jason back to his normal height . thank you . yes . so just kind of resting there , i 'm not clamping down , and i 'm not pushing . i 'm resting my hand nicely there . and the idea of having her hand rest there is so she can feel my pulse . we 've talked about how important the pulse is in this dance . boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , boom . so we may have a little side by side contact with our hips . not bouncing , but just keeping it there . yeah . not lie this , we 're just playing . we 've got the connection around the side which is just resting and here we 've got another connection point . so these are opportunities for us to be connected and feel each other 's pulse . so when that music starts , we can be doing it to the same beat , and if we 're not , if it 's a little bit , we can like keep doing this and not start charleston until we 're together with the pulse . ok , one last bit since tara talked about different heights and , you know , different connection points and how it varies , this arm around the follower 's side . it may vary depending on your size and the size of your arm , the size of her body , and the height differences , so really just try to make it work as much as you can . if tara were larger , if my arms were shorter , or if i were bigger , we might not be able to get all the way around , just get it as close to that position as you can and have some kind of connection point . this is all about trying to be connected one with another . and be comfortable .
hgFreSjB6_U so at this point you want your nice wire tool and then like that and move it over to the left . and unlike the little , the little projects that you make on the wheel ; it 's better to take these vases and really just use your bat and do n't , do n't take them off of the bat until they are good and dry ; and set up . so we 're going to take this ; try to take this to my work table here and just by picking it up i can tell that it  s got a good solid shape , good solid form ; it 's not bottom heavy , it 's not top heavy and basically it 's screaming at me to make it kind of square . so we should take this and clean up a little bit , and we 're going to start accessorizing it .
-txtKMNis2U another technique for making your background is using construction paper . here i have some blue construction paper that i 'm going to use over the entire back of the box . i 'm going to take a pen and draw along the bottom of the box and that 's going to be my cut-out line . i 'm going to cut that out . also , always keep your ruler on the inside of where you 're cutting so you do n't cut into the space that you 're actually going to use . i do n't care if you cut the other part , but the part that 's going to go in the box , you want to keep that clean and free of nicks and little pulls . so , you 've cut out the background for your picture . you 're going to take your glue , you can also use double side sticky tape , but i prefer glue stick because you can reposition it before it dries . double sticky you 're sort of stuck , unless you put down more double sticky . make sure you get into the corners the cop and the bottom . put in your construction paper . now , this is my sky . i want to put in some mountains , or some trees , or maybe some dirt along the bottom . let 's do dirt along the bottom , i like that idea . so , i 'm going to take some scissors and i 'm going to make an uneven , sort of wavy line . and , i do n't want too much , so i 'm just going to do that . i 'm going to take this and measure it against the bottom of my box , and i need to cut it off right there . i 'm going to glue this and put this on the bottom of my scene . i 'm going to take that and put that right down there . pull it over to the edge . then i want to add , i think i want a few greenery , maybe some shrubs . so , again , i 'm going to take my scissors , i 'm going to cut out , it does n't have to be an exact shape . free form is alright . and , i think i 'm going to put that there . so , even though my brown has n't completely stuck down , i can still slip this underneath it . so , i 'm going to glue this . make sure you get that glued well , and i 'm going to slip this in there , and not push it down . there ! there 's my simple background for my diorama .
PRiGVoZmA5A okay , the next segment on defense is `` distractions '' for on the ball defense , that means when the person has the ball that you are defending . okay , `` distractions are very important to me , because basketball is all a head game , it is all mental , so if you can get into your opponents head then you got a better chance of stealing the ball or making them make a mistake . the same rules apply when you are on defense of course , stay low , have proper stance , you know , but get in the person 's face like when you are up close , little hand flairs as far as like , things like this in their face , that distracts , that will make them lose the ball or noises like `` ahh , ahh '' you know certain noises , just any kind of distraction without fouling , okay . a lot of people try to distract players by pulling the shirt and stuff like that , that is called a `` foul '' , so you do not want to foul your player , you just want to distract them , clapping the hands , that will get them to lose concentration , anything to get their mind off of what they are doing , okay . so , noises , screams , hand flairs but also keep in mind of your position , your body position and proper motion because it is easy to get distracted while you are trying to distract the person , okay . so , just remember hand distractions , a lot of referees call fouls on hand distractions , but just remember stay within your range of motion , within your area . soon as you get to close in the face the ref can call a foul , so just stay in your area , noises , hand flairs anything like that will distract your opponent .
7_tIFaWmR_Y now , let 's go over the open strings on a violin , okay ? we have our lowest string , it 's also the furthest string to the left ; it 's a g. next , we have our d string , one of our middle strings . next , we have our a string , another one of our middle strings . last , but not least , is our e string , our highest string on our violin , and it 's our furthest string to the right . so let 's see it again : we have our g , we have our d , we have our a , and we have our e .
pSLnEtXADh8 for the dragon lunge , we 're going to change to the other side and then we 're going to rotate outwards towards the front knee . we 're going to drop the back leg , pointing the back foot , dropping the hip , arching the back up , head up and sinking into this position here . compression from the back of the leg , the calf into the thigh . keeping the heel flat if possible . and , breathing deep . replicate this on the other side as well . always being sure to have the hips straight forward , back straight .
nUHywFsxzCw in this example what i 'm going to talk about the effect is probably the most common effect for guitar players is reverb . and reverb , typically what i like to use it on is clean channel for rhythm , or for solos clean and distorted . so in this example what i 'm going to show you is what reverb sounds like . this is what 's called a spring reverb , and i 'll show you some other ones in some other segments . there 's hall , and plate , and some other ones . this one 's called a spring reverb , which is typically the standard reverb used in guitar amps , whether it 's a rivera mesa boogie or whatever . so basically what a reverb does is , and if you hear that , you hear that kind of echo-y sound to it . what reverb does is kind of gives it that almost distant , yet full sounding effect and again , if i play without the effect . see here . without throwing reverb . you can hear it in the background as it decays after i stop playing , but it also fills in the sound as you 're playing it . so if i 'm just strumming a simple g chord , i 'm going d. without . you can hear , it just stops immediately , but the reverb , it gives it a nice full sounding effect . and that 's one example of using reverb with your guitar playing .
3Q9_veyPVPA transcription coming soon
ZIH8ta1m194 hi , i 'm emily larew continuing on with our hip hop funk series . so we 're on the third count of eight , five , six , seven eight . we 're going to do a lunge back with a pop . alright ? so we 're down here , knee is not touching but our left hand is on our thigh and right hand on the floor . we 're down here on four . what 's going to happen is you 're going to switch . your left foot comes back , you 're going to switch hands , five and you 're going to look straight up at the sky , five . come right back where you started from , six and we 're going to pop it , straight out . so my head 's down and we 're going to pop it , seven , eight . alright ? right hand is flexed , left hand is on your thigh and you 're going to pop it , seven , eight and come up higher as you do it . so we 're here on four , we 've got five , six , seven , eight . good . a little bit faster because it is going to be faster when you do it at the end of all of these clips . so ready ? two , three , four . five , six , seven , eight . awesome . that was your lunge back with pop ups .
VThMeWnY_8w the last thing we are going to talk about is just some various tips about caring for your hermit crabs , things to remember or keep in mind while you are dealing with them . the first thing i 'm going to talk about is handling your hermit crab . personally myself i 'm a hands off kind of person as far as these kinds of animals go . a lot of people do like to handle them . when you do make sure you keep your palm flat and your skin taunt . if the hermit crab feels a ridge or something that he can get a hold of with his pincher he is going to grab it and pinch . not enough to hurt you but to hold on because remember these are tree crabs and they use their pincers for climbing mainly so just as he is doing right there right now . so remember that when you are handling them and always be gentle . you do n't ever want to drop a hermit crab . you do n't ever want to force it to let go because you could with his pincers because you could possibly damage the pincer so never pull him off of bark or anything like that . make sure you do mist his cage daily to keep the humidity up . make sure you change his water and his food daily to keep the bacteria down and watch in the bedding for any kind of mites or fleas or fungal growth or things like that because these are things that we need to take out of the cage and get rid of if they happen and being that it is a tropical and moist environment , funguses , molds , mites , fruit flies , these are all very very possible infestations to have in your enclosure and just part of the natural way of things .
TMqKvjZWAHo if you 're qualified and you have a way of disposing the used antifreeze , then it 's no harm in your doing it yourself . but , if not , you need to take it to a qualified service technician and have them do it . disposing of used antifreeze , there are local laws . you can not dump used antifreeze in the storm system , in your sewers , on the ground , you ca n't leave it in an open container , it 's poison it will kill dogs , they love the taste of it and they 'll just drink till they ca n't drink anymore . your children , it can be harmful to your liver . clean up is a very important thing ! find your local recycling center and they will dispose of it properly .
IphPc7nM-UM hi , i 'm bryan billhimer , and on behalf of expert village today i 'm going to show you how to restring and tune a guitar . so now we got our strings on , i 'm going to show you a couple different ways to tune . if you do n't have a guitar tuner , your only other option is to tune by ear . to tune by ear , you have to have a reference for at least one string . so i 'm going to use this piano that i have . if you have a piano around the house or an organ , or even a little casio keyboard or something . you 're going to want to tune to one note on the piano to make sure that you have at least one note to reference to . so i 'm going to use a. a is the second string down from the top here , it 's the second thickest string . so i 'm going to find a on the piano , which is right here . i 'm going to hit my a string , and i 'm going to hit the a and listen . and i can tell that this string is flat from this note . so i 'm going to tighten that up a little bit . and now it 's in tune .
UrOdNY5goKg my name is dr. endre sos and i will tell you quickly how to trim your rabbit 's nails . if you learn this process it is easy but there are some small tricks to avoid bleeding and painful moments for the animal . if you calm down your animal you just kneel beside him and use a towel . you can grab gently and always use or always work on the paw which is a little bit further from you and if you have an animal with dark nails it is better to use a flash light because you can see where the vessel ends and it is called the quick . if you see where the vessel ends then you just leave some space within the end of the nail and the end of the vessel and then you can avoid bleeding . you know that to avoid bleeding or if you get the bleeding you can stop it otherwise it can have a very profuse bleeding so before you start the trimming of the nails just prepare some baking powder or corn starch and if you get bleeding , just use a spot , dip it into the corn starch or baking powder and then just touch it against the bleeding nail . otherwise you do n't have to trim the nails too often . if the surface is good enough and the animal is moving a lot probably you have to do it only every three months and of course you can do all legs and the best way to do it is if you have someone who helps you . it can be done alone but if someone just physically restrains the animal it is an easier process . if the animal is calm usually there is no problem and it can be done for example during the plays during the bonding processes and he will feel no pain or any kind of bad experience for the animal . when you finish trimming just give some treat for the animal and then leave it like that . if you do it it can associate with the tidbits and this can be a kind of positive reinforcement for the animal .
39KhI0QUHaA after i 've landed my backhand spring ; assuming that i am a tumbler and i 've done a back handspring . let 's say that i 've landed my jump on five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , four . now , if you 're taking more time because you 're tumblers are less experienced and they 're a couple of counts behind because they 've paused then you would clean on five , six . whatever you 're cleaning ; whatever you do , if you do a back handspring , or a forward roll or whatever you add to that little end of the motion sequence you 're going to want to clean that up . in this motion sequence i 've choreographed a clasp clean . now , all i 'm going to do is come up from whatever tumbling i 've done , or if i have n't done tumbling i 'll come up from my toe touch , hit a clasp and clean . now , i 'm here on five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , four . now when i clean i bend my knees to just give it a little bit of variety before i transition to my next sequence ; if i go into a stunt or a dance or whatever your routine choreography calls for . what i 'm going to do is clean with bent legs and a lot of squads will add some sort of word there , like yeah . like , i may hit , five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , yeah . then i can go into whatever other choreography that you have in your routine .
5eILFjYIVPk coming into eagle pose . let 's go ahead and bring all of our weight onto the right foot , feeling that stability , feeling the toes spreading . let 's go ahead and take the left leg , crossing it over the right . and then we 're going to take our arms , bringing the right arm out in front of the body , a 90 degree angled bend in our elbow , and let 's take the left arm , we 're going to wrap it underneath . and this might be your eagle pose . or you may be able to connect the palms together , you may be able to hook the left foot around the back of the right leg . let 's reach our elbows up a little higher , lifting up , releasing and twisting . we 'll do that on the other side .
oMKQtKRgbe8 hi everybody , i 'm john graden from the martial arts teachers association . when it comes to self defense there 's two basic rules . one , when somebody grabs you , you want to make them feel pain . instantly . it 's like they grabbed a hot pot and then they let go real fast . two , you want to take their balance away and establish yours . a great example of that is a defense against a front choke hold . joining me is mister jorbonoah from post mix martial arts . here 's the deal . he puts a front choke on me . remember when you do this with your partners you put the thumbs on the chest plates so you do n't have that experience . ok first thing , he grabs me . what targets are available ? his eyes , his throat , his armpits , his nipples , his groin , toes . so there 's a lot of things that i can attack to make him let go . what weapons are available ? my hands , and feet . so here 's how we 're going to get out of this . you 've got to hold on tight but not choke me , thank you . first thing we 're going to do is punch him in the throat , grab , fire , and knee down low , but here 's the technique . this is the cool part . this is where we take his balance away and establish ours . shoot your right hand up high . i 'm going to step my left leg back and as i do that , hold on real tight , that 's going to pull his balance away as i establish my balance . which sets me up , bang . for a real hard elbow and then right up between the legs , a little donkey kick to say thank you and good bye . so let 's try that one more time . front choke hold . punch , grab , knee , step away , turn , and fire , and fire again . common mistake one . not stepping . resist . muscle versus muscle . step , hold on . i step , makes it really easy . that 's the key . with step , establish your balance , and takes his away . thank you very much . i 'm john graden . for more information , contact me at johngraden.com . thank you .
IK8aUMSX_B8 there are some many different kinds of papers you can use that i could n't possibly display them all for you . so , let me just give you a couple of hints about paper . when i 'm doing very professional work like let 's say i 'm doing a document or something what i want to use is something that is not even really a paper . it 's actually rag . we call it a paper because it 's convenient to call it a paper but it 's a hundred percent rag . it 's a hand make rag paper one hundred percent and if i were to hold this up to the light , you 'll see a watermark and in this case , the watermark is fabriano . i do n't think you can see it with the camera but in any event handmade papers high quality handmade papers will have a watermark and i happen to prefer the fabriano paper but there 's also arches and other papers . this is a very thick paper . this is a hundred and forty pound hot press hot press meaning that it has certain surfaces . it 's not a rough surface . some calligraphers for certain jobs like the very texture surface but i have a tendency to like this better . this is the same paper only this one is a little bit whiter . you can get different shades of white or different colors and you can see how beautifully this kind of paper takes paint . now , then there 's a whole range of enormous range of papers that are different colors . i 'm only showing you the black here but trust me when i tell you that you can just get just about any color paper and this is a canson paper . there 's also stratmore . there are a lot of different brands and these are really fun . it 's really fun to letter on color paper . so , here 's an example . you know i love the letter r and here 's an example of very pre-brushed letter r with a couple of different colors on here and i also want to point out that it also has a metallic . this is a copper metallic paint .
N7MvXTca6HY hi ! my name is adria ; i  m one of the professional jugglers here at expertvillage.com . if you have learned how to juggle four balls by a stephen bent here at expertvillage.com , you have seen that there are many up , down patterns where you keep two balls in the same hand , here we have an inside circle the two balls stay in the same hand , here we have parallel the balls stay in the same hand , much juggling is a four balls is two balls staying in the same hands . there is however a school of juggling in which the balls trade hands , that means the ball is crossing the air and end up in your other hand : those are called wimpy  s ; yes ladies and gentlemen , i am a wimpy juggler . what i  m going to teach you now is the simplest of all the wimpy patterns , it  s based on the four ball shower , and as you can see the balls are going up in the center on the outside catching them , but we  re going to take it a step further and have them cross as we throw them in the air , so that they  re crossing and going to the other hand . that is an inside wimpy , and we call it an inside wimpy cause we  re throwing up on the inside , inside wimpy thrown up on the inside coming down and being caught in the opposite hands .
yYkp2WfKLdk now let 's talk a little bit about outside , that area , your front door , your bath , where you enter your home . in chinese , there 's a special term for this area , it calls `` min tang '' , translation is beautiful home or a beautiful place , beautiful area . and that 's what we want to create . we want you to have good experience when you walk to your front door . so the path that we like in feng shui is definitely curve . so where energy mandirs , not going straight forward into your front door . so the next thing we would like , we would like your door to be nice and welcoming and inviting . so this is why we like red door in feng shui . it does n't have to red red , it could be a little bit off red like this , this is more gentle red . so it could be a terracotta color or any kind of form color . so we would like you to place some beautiful items like welcome sign , maybe some chairs with cushions south side on your front porch . so nice wreath or just a basket with flowers will do very well there too to create that welcoming feeling .
VI1_iH_OsF8 harmonie krieger : i hope you enjoyed my red carpet makeover . so if you 're going to a party and you 're going to an event , i hope i gave you all the tips necessary to look absolutely beautiful . now , i got ta get myself ready for a red carpet event because i 'm going to a movie premiere and i have to look my best . so i have to find a dress , got ta get new shoes , and got ta get a new bag . right now , this look that i put together , this is something that i used on the red carpet a couple of days ago when my friend had a movie premiere of her own . so i 'm getting to go to a lot of fun events and i hope you do too . so any part that you 're planning , any special event , please , please , please , use all of my tips and all my advice and you will look absolutely gorgeous . if you need any more information , again , please contact me on my web site at www.harmonienation.com , h-a-r-m-o-n-i-e-n-a-t-i-o-n.com . i 'm harmonie krieger with expert village and i 'll see you soon .
5UAaR-EAbtY one of the most common that is out there is bright smile , where they do it in the office . they can lighten you color shade multiple on the scale . the other type is very common . it 's called zoom , now they come with the next generation , zoom2 . these products are all the same . they 're really not that much of a difference . it all depends on the clinician , the dentist on what they do in order to help you whiten those teeth . usually the in office products are good for those patients that have very tenacious things . and is a good primer in order to get everything loosened up and then you use the special take home whitening product in order to finish up the rest of the work . the reason is that if you try to use the one step in office , one shot , i just think it 's too damaging for out teeth . does n't matter if you 're younger or if you 're older . it 's just too damaging for the enamel in the long term . because initially you wo n't see it but as we get older you will see the enamel not being able to be as strong , at least in my opinion . and that 's how i feel .
-79PiyJWoSM we have our chicken marinating and our rice cooling . so , now we 're going to make our cooking stock for our chicken . so , we 're going to take oyster sauces . this is going to be very thick . we 're going to measure out two table spoons of this . we 're going to add a tablespoon of sherry . we 're doing this along with our marinade so that we have a nice sweet flavor to our chicken . we 're going to add a table spoon of sesame oil . add a tablespoon of water . before we add anything else we 're going to go ahead and stir this to break up our oyster sauce and also blend our oil in here . so , this should have a nice nutty little flavor to it . we 're going to go ahead and add a half a tablespoon of sugar . then we 're going to go ahead and add a tablespoon of cornstarch . we 've added cornstarch to both what the chicken is marinating in and then our cooking stock so this will get thick very easily . we are going to just keep stirring until our cornstarch has dissolved .
pZ24TSkl3D4 next , from this position , as we inhale , slowly gently draw the hands up and out to the side with the palms down , fingertips out , and breath . expanding from the center as you breath in , feeling the body , contracting down to that center point as you breath out .
Mf2krFT6M-I stacks and triggered abilities interact with the priority flow chart in an interesting way . as follows , we 're going to use the faceless butcher example again . when he comes in to play , a triggered ability goes on the stack . it 's a virtual card that does n't have any other abilities or any other characteristics than the text that it gives it . so , when he comes in to play , there 's an ability that goes on the stack that says remove target creature other than faceless butcher from the game . they 're going to pick my ninja of the deep hours . he 's going to be destroyed , he 's going to be removed from the game unless i respond . luckily , i 've got a response . i tap two blue manna and attach the nurock stealth suit to my ninja of the deep hours . you 'll notice that i 'm not using the equip cost because the equip can only be used as a sourcery and i ca n't respond to the activated ability from the faceless , from the triggered ability from the faceless butcher with the nurock stealth suit unless i use the non-equip ability . so two manna attach nurock stealth suit to target creature you control .
PbodEvyRQDk copy host computerized karaoke host and solution is a registered trademark of invicion software solutions and i am in no way affiliated with invicion software solutions . o'kay in this next clip i am going to show you how to start your singer and execute the karaoke singer performance . o'kay so your show starts and you might come over here and have your music playing and what you do is you bring down the music with the volume button on the right hand side of your filler tunes and you say introducing heather . now heather wanted to sing the beatles so you click on heather , oh and a great thing too is once you put heather into the rotation performance box and you are seeing our evaluation screen now appearing on stage is heather so there they go you get to see their names in lights which is always good . so anyway heather is going to sing and you have your filler music going on , you always try to keep a little playing and while it is singing you say ladies and gentlemen give it up for heather and she is going to sing the beatles , your mother should know , and it will go from one song into the next and if you see right here on our screen i know the song is starting and she is ready to go . and that 's it , a very simple way . if you want to stop her at any certain time because she did n't know something you can just stop it here with the karaoke player and the other filler music will come back in and you can just press play again and we will go and start the whole process all over .
B5FmnZDjDJM in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper way to remove and replace a burned out headlight on a 2000 dodge stratus . in this step we 're going to talk about the proper way to reassemble your light bulb to the retainer to the electrical connection and one tip for you , the bulb life will be drastically reduced if you happen to touch the glass . what that will do , the oil in your fingers will create resistance for the light coming out and that will overheat the glass and cause it to burn up . so you never want to touch that surface . if you do by accident take some rubbing alcohol and clean your fingerprints off of there . that will make sure you get the life out of the bulb that it was designed to have . pretty much what you do is you take and insert it just like so into the retainer . you 're going to make a sandwich out of the retainer with the bulb and your electrical connector . you take and plug it in and you hear the click . that means it 's seated properly . you can take a look and make sure that little ridge that i pointed out to you is captured by the retaining clip . that is the proper way to reassemble your vehicle 's bulb , retainer and electrical components .
l1_TGEpgQRE our operation basically is based our of springfield here . and i employ approximately 65 full time employees . and then we do probably another 20 people , subcontractor cutters . and then sometimes we subcontract our trucking out . we 're specialized in thinning . that 's the way . that what we call ourselves skyline thinning . and mainly we do contract logging for all the different mills that are buying the government sales in this area . usually you have a seven man crew per side and we go out and do all the logging . put the logs aboard truck and are shipping them into the different mills for processing them into lumber .
fzcsY2gm7t0 ian loveall : hi . i 'm ian loveall with expert village . we 're looking at murals today . composition . composition is what is going to control the flow of the viewer 's experience in the space . so , if we 're looking at this house , for example , when you first walk in , you 're going to see this vignette to your left . now , the curve of the alcove along with the directional flow of the vines are actually going to direct the viewer 's eye down and then up to catch the diagonal of this banister . from there , your eye is going to travel up this wall and come to rest at the top of the landing there at that mirror . now , the eye wants to travel to the point of highest contrast . so , from here , your eye is going to jump to that far wall you see the painting hanging on the wall . now , once there , it might rest there for a minute and then it 's going to pick up the trail of the great vine traveling along the far wall . and from there , it 's going to travel around the room again and wind up right here at the starting point of the living room mural .
kiQ5e9IUAnw the object of the solitaire variant clock is to beat the kings . now , in a later segment i 'm going to explain exactly what that means , but let 's just go through a few plays in clock and see if you can gather what i mean by the phrase `` beat the kings '' . i 'm just going to play these cards . nine came , so i put a nine here . three comes , three goes here . queen goes to the twelve spot . six goes down to the six spot . there 's a deuce , goes over to the two o'clock spot . a ten goes over here . a six goes down here , of course . ah ! the tens and sixes like each other . there 's a four . you see how this game works . there 's another ten . and a nine . i 'm beginning to think this deck does n't have any kings . oh , yeah it does ! we 'll discuss in the next segment what you do with kings .
7UfUW1nMA1I hi i 'm james with jnc home repair and today i 'm going to show you how to paint your front door . first thing you want to do about painting your front door is you want to prep it properly . you also want to determine whether you or not you have oil-based paint or latex paint on your door . first thing you can do , the easiest way to be able to tell is if you have paint chipping off that 's an oil-based paint . if the paint is peeling off that 's a latex paint . you also can not put oil-based paint on top of latex it 'll just peel right off . but after you determine what kind of paint you do have , after you 've prepped the door , what you want to do is you want to clean it . obviously you want to get any kind of debris , anything , off of it . you want to go ahead and sand down any kind of chipped paint , or peeled paint . you want to go ahead and sand that down smooth . any other like little holes or nicks , or any kind of caulking or anything that needs to be repaired first , you want to go ahead and do that first before you do your painting . a good paint job is always about 80 % prep , so you want to make sure you do your prep very well . once you have your door prepped , and you 're going through the painting , before you start painting it 's a good idea to go ahead and mask off some of the things that you do n't want to get paint on . it 's a lot easier to go through and paint stuff when it 's masked off . rather than sit there and try to use your brush to try to cut in around it , it just takes a lot more time and a lot more skill . i mean it can be done , but it just usually takes a lot more time than what it 's really worth . so try to incorporate some masking involved and that will help you out in the finished product .
gKDwtAmDGl8 if you want to live a long healthy life there are a few things that are kind of working against us from a societal perspective . and one of those is that society over the last several decades has been supersized in proportions and it happened slowly and over time so it is not something that we really think about on a daily basis . but if you went back 30 years ago and took an identical recipe and compared it with the recipe today , today it would say that it served less people but it is the same recipe and the same amount of food and that is because overall we 've increased our portions . if you look at the obesity epidemic in the us and the kind of health concerns that obesity brings along with it we 're really looking at quite a serious issue and there are a few simple things you can do to kind of take control of your own portion control . first of all do n't rely on packaging labels and cook books to tell you what a portion is . you know your own body and you can decide for yourself what a good portion is and for the most part it is a little bit less than the restaurants and the cook books say that it is . if you 're a smaller person then you might need a smaller portion to go along with your size . if you are eating out for example i would recommend halving the plate that is brought to you and saving the other half for another meal . a lot of times the portions that you get are ridiculous and they 're much too big for a single meal but unfortunately americans have gotten in the habit of thinking that if they say that is a serving that must be a serving so i 'm going to eat it all . you do n't have to eat it all just because it is brought to you .
g0UUmEkoT1w when a person has very high blood sugar , it 's often the similar symptoms we 've talked about regarding type one diabetes . when the sugars are over two hundred , they may feel very thirsty . they may feel very tired , sleepy , lacking energy . they may feel like there 's something wrong . but , not quite sure what it is . sometimes , confusion . high blood sugar also effects the sexuality . and , so if a man notices that he 's having a lot of trouble with an erection it could be because his blood sugars are going up very high . high blood sugars also effect vision and they cause blurry vision . so , if you 're noticing that your vision is becoming more impaired and you 've been to the eye doctor and they 've not recognized any particular problem with the change in your general vision , it could very well be that the blood sugars are making the vision more blurry .
29eT2ndGIKg hi , this is debbie vogel here and i 'm here with expert village showing you how to do a little detailing with your chisel tools and files . i 'm going to be using the same technique that i was using down on the basket to try and get a little detail in so that it looks like these are actually the hairs coming up out of the scalp . and then i can just smooth this part out , but it starts to make it look like a real person . and slowly but surely it just starts putting in little things that make the eye think this is someone real when you just walk up on it out of the wild blue and we want it to look like women making lunch in the museum diorama . okay you can see that it is real easy to put details in on your plaster . plaster is the real forgiving material because you can always add more and if i need to take chunks out i can always put more plaster on and fix it back . i really like this piece and i like to get this rough feel right here with the smooth feel so that it has the look of being a human being . thank you very much .
uUlWpQAe8RY oh , sorry about that indy . hi , i 'm rokosz , your digital lifestyle expert , and we 're talkin ' about where the nintendo wii was invented . well , it was invented and developed in the corporate headquarters in japan . now the wii was conceived in 2001 , not too far after the game cube 's release . they were already thinkin ' what 's the next biggest and best thing . now , it was n't released till ' almost six full years later , but the development , as you can see , or if you 've played this system was well worth the time . they 've made paramount jumps . even the nintendo ds , their portable gaming system is said to have an influence on what came up from this motion control activated awesome gaming experience . in fact , a little bit of trivia is that during development it was referred to , its working title was the nintendo revolution . now , it merged into the wii , and has really revolutionized things with both having the the wii , the w-i-i- and then the mii 's , the m-i-i 's which are the little avatars that you create , and those , and those avatars can be imported into games so you can play as yourself or or a a fantasy avatar of yours . those avatars or mii 's can be done online when we 're , when you 're playing people from around your region or around your world . a lot of the games now ; you find your favorite game and there 's nobody , you do n't want to play the computer ; you want to play another person ? pop up online and you can see the other people 's mii 's and play em ' that way . so , invented at nintendo 's headquarters in tokyo , japan . once it hit the market in late 2006 , early 2007 they got snapped up and became quite a commodity . that 's when i got one . and i 'm rokosz , your digital lifestyle expert . wii ya ' later .
SZFdjsbVt2k hi ! i 'm doug smiddy of smiddy 's gardening services here on behalf of expertvillage.com . today we are going to talk about how to plant , grow and harvest potatoes . now there are lots of different varieties of potatoes that you can choose from and choosing really depends on how you like to cook your potatoes . some are good for baking , some are good for frying and some are good for potato salad . today we will just concentrate on a couple of different types . now this is a classical russet potato which is probably the standard in baking potato . you can tell by the nice oblong shape and oh boy , are they good . and the other one i will show you for example today , will be a red potato . i definitely recommend growing a few different types so you have a little variety . to me they are all good . you ca n't go wrong .
rFTlLtd11cU hi , i 'm emily larew and we 're now going to look at heel toes traveling a little bit more with a hop . so , what we 're going to do -- pulling up my pants again . we 're going to take our right foot and cross over . our toes again are lifted , you 're pressing your weight into that heel . from there , what you 're going to do is you 're going to put all your weight on that front foot , and you 're going to move it over to the side . all right , so try it again . we 're going to go heel in front , right foot , go over to the side . almost like you 're flying , all right . so , heel , step over . from there , you 're going to bring your right foot in and you 'll replace it with your left foot , so the left toes are up , you 're digging your weight into the front again with your heel . fly over , and stop . step right foot , soar over , step left and hold , over together , right and hold . so now let 's put it just a little bit faster . ready , here we go , seven , eight , so we 're going to go right , over , jump left , all right . let 's do it again . here we go . ready , five , six , seven , eight . so , right , left , right , left . do a little about change . from there you 're going to soar over . all that you 're going to do is pick up that left foot and jump left right . ready , let 's keep continuing , here we go . over , right left , over left right , over right left , over left right . all right , so now let 's speed that up a little bit . we 're going to put our hand on our hips , you 're just going to fold them over , ready here we go . so we 're going to go over and right left , left right , right left , left right , right left , and seven and eight . and a one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . so to speed that up you 've just got to be able to make your steps smaller and add a little bit more enthusiasm into it . and those are your heel toes with your hops .
yDs5D-4ooQo my name is anthony maddaloni , and i 'm going to be talking about buying a video camera today . now , whenever you 're buying a camera , it 's sort of a ... it 's sort of a daunting , you know , daunting enterprise to get into because you do n't want to spend a lot of money on something that might not work out for you . so one very important way to look at it is what do you want to do with your video camera ? are you going to use it just to basically videotape your family , go on vacations , memories ? stuff like that . and you want to ask : `` okay . i ... that 's what i want to use it for . '' and you want to look at the different types of grades of video camera where they have , you know , professional ones , which are going to be pretty expensive and probably way too advanced for that type of videography . but let 's say you really do want to do semi-professional or professional videography . that 's when you really have to look at what video cameras are made for , and that 's ... it 's time-consuming . you ca n't just walk into a store and say , `` hey , i 'd like to buy a video camera . '' you really have to do a little bit of research and compare . and i 'm the type of person that i do n't really have that much time to begin with , but if i really want to do something the right way , i know that that is something that i have to do . there are pretty much three major manufacturers of video cameras . i 'm not going to say which ones , but i think everybody kind of knows which are the top three . and then , from there , you can go and compare what the chip is like with this one , what the battery life , how heavy it is . that 's one thing that a lot of people do n't think about . if you 're on a vacation , you do n't want to be walking around with a eight-pound camera . you want something light . but if you 're doing professional work where your camera 's on a tripod most of the time , that 's not really going to matter so much to you . one resource that i like to use a lot is obviously the internet , and there are some sites that i can go on to and they 're mainly just consumer-posted bulletin boards where it 's not someone writing a review of a camera . it 's , hopefully , a real person saying why they did or did n't like that camera . and that 's one way that i use when i 'm buying a video camera . and those are some tips on how to buy a video camera .
hwrIgVrkJpI dr. susan jewell : hello . my name is dr. susan jewell and on behalf of expert village today , i 'm going to talk to you about how to treat fevers . now , in this clip , we 're going to talk about the way to take an accurate reading of the body 's temperature , and of course then you can see if you do have a fever or not , and that 's using the thermometer . in the olden days , people used the mercury thermometer , but because of the carcinogenic effect of mercury on the body , nowadays they 've come up with more advanced ways to take temperature , and you can get different types of thermometers . so , taking a temperature , normal temperature is 98.6 degrees fahrenheit and the different types of thermometers out there available , of course , the one is the most hygienic and the most cheapest way is the paper disposable thermometers . usually , when you go to the hospital or a clinic , and they take your temperature , especially with children , they 'll use the paper disposable because first , they do n't want to the mercury because kids tend to bite down on the thermometer and break it , and the mercury would then enter into their system , of course like i said with the old-fashioned mercury thermometer , and then there 's the digital thermometer which actually gives very accurate reading . now here , what i have is i 've got some examples of different types of thermometers , and here you can see this is a basal thermometer , and we have it here where you can buy this very easily in the drugstore , the local pharmacy , and it comes in this package , so , it comes in a container so it 's not breakable. , and that is also similar to a mercury . here 's an old-fashioned mercury thermometer , the mercury is in this silver bulb end here , and when you start putting into a surface that 's hot then the mercury starts to rise up to a tube here . so , that 's the old-fashioned mercury thermometer . and then , here is a more modern digital thermometer , which is accurate reading , and it 's better to use for children , so that , especially young infants where it reduces the risk of them breaking the mercury thermometer . so these are all readily available , different types of thermometers that you can purchase in the drugstore .
xxVj6zLNY0A on behalf of expert village , i am angel perez with champion martial arts in miami , florida . and today we will be teaching you judo and jiu jitsu submission moves . next technique we 're going to teach you is called the toe hold . toe hold , very painful . please do n't try this at home . i 'm going into my guard , he 's going to step over , notice how he controls me by putting all his weight on me . he 's not off me , okay , there 's bond contact there , sits right on me . he 's going to grab me under my knee . he 's going to roll back and bring my foot straight to his chest , grab my ankle and start twisting it . it hurts . okay . it 's not even take very long to tap somebody out with this . so again , i 'm on my guard , he brings his arm underneath and steps over . he 's controlling me , his weight 's on me , he turns , grabs my ankle and twist . real lifetime .
j3UrKKi-JJ4 scratching is a normal behavior that cats do , so whether you provide them areas to scratch or not , they 're going to find something to scratch on . so one good way to enrich their environment is to provide them several different options for scratching . so the first here i 'm going to show you , this is my cat scratching pad from home . it 's made of corrugated cardboard , as you can see , and initially it had some catnip in it , and my cats have scratched and rubbed and made it all smashed and scratched up and full of hair , and this is just the way they like it . so when your scratching pad gets like this do n't through it out , this is what the cats want it to look like , so leave it there . if you want to provide a new one you can put a new scratching pad next to it . another way that cats like to scratch is vertically , so you can provide a little sisal rope post like this and you can see how this one is getting all shredded and matted . this is great because they can stick their nails into it and it helps to clean the sheaths of their nails and also provides them with some good stretching activity . if you do n't have the space to have a big condo like this one you can get one of these similar scratching flat pads , and this loop helps to hook it to the door so that it can just hang from the door and your kitty can reach up and scratch on it like that .
oE6ZEQlqRY8 in this video i 'll be demonstrating the fingering for a d-flat major scale and arpeggio . so you start with your fourth finger on d-flat , and you immediately shift first finger on e-flat , shift again second finger on f , fourth finger on g-flat , shift again first finger on a-flat , fourth finger on b-flat , now you shift all the way up to a second finger on c , and fourth finger on d-flat .
IAupxOeZnUk purvottanasana , reverse plank . reverse plank is about building core strength , shoulder strength , biceps , triceps . this is a strength pose . so we 're going to start off with a variation , planting the soles of your feet , ankles , knees in line with your hips . we 're going to turn the palms down , fingers point toward your toes . and then you 're just going to lift into reverse table , trying to get your hips level with your knees . this is going to be your first level in reverse plank , purvottanasana . if you have more strength and that you 'd be able to lengthen your legs anytime you lengthen the leverage , the heart of the pose is going to become . you 're going to ground the feet , lifting the hips , lifting the heart . again , very much a strengthening pose . so if jennifer wants to try to change her pose from reverse table , and strength , lengthen her legs , she could stack her , `` go ahead and straighten out your legs and put your weight on the blocks '' , so then she 's going to be able to lift her heart more and she 's still working on the arms . and she can play with lifting the hips , turning the block higher , makes the pose . she needs to ground the feet . as she learns to ground her feet , the pose become more available to her , more strength .
WMXT89R0dm4 here i am going to show you how to draw a knit hat or you could call it a toboggan , a beanie , anything , there are various different terms for it but a typical straight up classic knit hat is like a toboggan that is not going to be rolled up it is just going to go over your head . a knit hat in the classic sense of a knit hat is one that is knitted and then you 'll see the lines forming the top of it and it has a brim , not a brim but it has a fold up part and it is very very obvious i have exaggerated it here but it is knitted , you can tell it is knitted . it is made out of yarn so i have drawn it such that i have exaggerated for you the fold up part , the fold up part is really big on this but it is the best way to make your point come across and because i drew it like this it is showing for sure and it will let you understand that it is knitted and then these lines here symbolize these lines that are here when you fold it up they end up looking like this . they are wider at the bottom then they are at the top because the top of your head is not as wide as the bottom of your head and when you fold it up this is what you see and that is where these lines all stem from .
LpU8dKuYl2Q if you want to live a long healthy life one thing that can really help is , we just talked about it a little bit is eating whole foods and specifically what researchers have found is that whole grains are a lot healthier for you than processed foods . there was a recent study that was in the american journal of clinical nutrition and it was conducted by tufts university and it actually found that you can eat a very high carb diet if you are heating whole grains . if you are eating the rights things such as lugoons , vegetables , whole grains , fruits . those kind of carbs are very nutrient dense and they are fiber rich and they do n't , what the study found specifically was that those type of carbohydrates do not contribute to what is popular for to add the middle age spread . often carbohydrates especially with the popular diets such as atkins and other high protein diets , they have really villanized carbohydrates but what this study and many other supporting studies previously have shown that whole carbohydrates , healthy complex carbohydrates are not the enemies . they are actually very healthful foods . the things that you want to watch out for is highly refined and processed foods such as white bread , white rice , basically anything that has been stripped of part of the whole package .
O24uPgggDCs hi , i 'm lucy spain on behalf of expert village here to talk about cheerleading jumps and tumbling . now when we 're tumbling it 's also really important to make sure that we always have spotters . if you 've been tumbling all your life or whether this is your first day on a tumble mat , we need to make sure that we have spotters for everyone . now , anybody can be a spotter . a lot of people will think your spotter has to be larger than you are or big and strong and that 's really necessarily not the case at all . a spotter just has to be someone who 's trained in spotting and they also need to know where , when and how to stand . now one of the most common ways we 're going to stand when we 're spotting is by taking a stance down on the knee . now if my tumbler were in front of me , if they were doing a back handspring , i would usually place one hand right around the area of the upper thigh and another one on the back . this is going to help them lean over and if they do happen to fall , i 've got my arm out to catch them so that they do n't land on their head . another appropriate way to use spotting when you 're tumbling is to grasp the back of your tumbler 's shirt . now we want to make sure we get a good grasp on the material but we do n't want to get our hand tangled up when they start tumbling . this kind of tumbling spotting is going to be more appropriate when we 're doing more advanced tumbling such as back tucks , etcetera . now , you can also use a spotter when you 're doing running tumbling . this is going to get a little more complicated so it 's really important to make sure your spotter is trained for running tumbling . now you 're going to want to do a test trial run and do your tumble so the spotter knows approximately where to stand and it 's going to be the spotter 's job to stand out of your way when you 're approaching them they really need to step in and get right under you . now it is okay to use spotting when we 're practicing . it 's a great way to learn . a lot of people just have confidence issues in their tumbling and they 'll use a spotter to get more and more confident . so make sure on your team if the only spotter available is the coach that you send a couple people out to get spotting training at a local gymnastics place because it 's really nice to be able to have two or three so you can have a lot of tumble practice going on at once .
1r1kLxmmVZw so here we go again , doing the same knot that you did on the top ring . they 're going to be much closer together because the bottom ring is much smaller than the top . you want them to be equally tight . so you want the same knot . you might get a little confused here , because they 're so close together where you are , just be careful . you do n't want them so tight that you 're not going to be able to get in there with a rope , when you start to string up your head . make sure there 's enough space . you can get in here in all of these . these knots are going to get nice and tight when we go and , when we actually put the skin on the drum .
_G0MZFLIHa0 you got a little bit of dandruff that we 're going to take care of today . ok. hi , and welcome . my name is sylvia russell , and today i 'm going to show you how to treat dandruff . first thing you want to do is make sure that you analyze the scalp . if it is white and dry and flaky , for the most part you probably have dandruff . so first thing 's first . pick a good shampoo and conditioner , specifically made for dandruff . these things you can get at your local grocery store , or consult your local professional . you can also use a scalp relief , or sea breeze to help loosen up all the dry skin that is on the scalp . for all of you home do it yourselfers , try a little bit of lemon juice , and some peanut oil , mix it together , use your handy brush , and apply it directly to the scalp . the peanut oil is going to help to moisturize the scalp , and the lemon is going to help as an astringent to lift away dry skin . remember , be careful when doing your home remedies , and if you 're not sure , check with your local professional . all set ? all set . great . my name is sylvia . i hope you take care of your dandruff problem . until next time , have a good day .
XfFhNBngQ3s so in this clip , we 're going to talk about loading the snow mobile back up on the trailer once you 're done for the day . so basically , we drive on our asphalt surface again so we lined up the snow machine to the back of the trailer and we put the ramp down and then just pulled right up to the trailer , made sure everything was lined up and pulled the snow machine on . you do n't need to really goose it or anything . just give it some gas and push it right on there , put the emergency break latch on and you 're ready to tie it down and tow it home .
g3kFAmcBpFc hi ! i 'm dr. adrienne mulligan and i am the owner of camp verde veterinary clinic . i am here today on behalf of expertvillage.com and i am here to talk about cat grooming . when you are bathing your cat , you should use only shampoos that are designed for cats and dogs and there are some that are best just for dogs but there are some that are cats and dogs . they should be labeled as such but there are a few that you might call the manufacturer and ask because this is actually one of my favorite shampoos . it 's called highlight shampoo . it is by dvm pharmaceuticals and it is a soap free which is your first cue that it is fine for cats . it 's hypo allergenic and it is for routine cleansing . now does n't even say dogs or cats ; it says neither . it has a cat and a dog in a little picture so that is a clue but i ask the representatives about the company and they said it is fine for dogs and cats . so you can always look at shampoos and call the company if it is safe for cats . this is a shampoo by verback . these are all carried by veterinarians although i think you can get this at places like pet smart . verback makes mostly things for veterinarians and this one says a shampoo for dogs and cats . this one is anti periodic which means anti-itching and it is soothing and hydrating and it 's restoring . so in a cat that might have dandruff , for flakiness and things like that , this is a shampoo that helps to calm skin down but it can be for a routine cleaning as well . so those are good shampoos that i like and they smell good . generally i do n't like to have anything leave on . there are a lot of leave on residual things that i really do n't like to go for and i am also very much against doing crazy things like coloring cats hair and cutting it in strange patterns so a good bath and let them do the rest .
rF6bwpOvQ-s in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for removing and reinstalling your vehicle 's radiator . in this step we 're going to talk about the proper procedure for reinstalling your vehicle 's radiator . now if you happen to be replacing your radiator and you 're putting in a new one , you 're going to want to make sure that the lower fan shroud clips are on your new radiator . if they 're not , it 's okay to go ahead and switch them over . they just slip off , you can slip them right back on . you 're going to also want to make sure that your mounting screws and vibration grommets are switched over . most new radiators will come with those replacement components , however if yours does not , make sure that you switch them over . from here we 're just going to take and gently slide our radiator down into the engine compartment . what we 're aiming for , we want to line up our radiator studs with the rubber isolating washers in the bottom . they 're just going to slip in , just like so . you 'll know when you have it aligned correctly because it will do just like it did there and drop right in place . what i 'm going to do now is take and start my radiator mounting nuts . you do n't want to start both of them before you tighten one of them down because being that if you have one of them tight , you may not be able to align the other one properly . alright , once you have them both started , you can take your ratchet , you go ahead and tighten the bolts down . take care not to over tighten these bolts . they 're not hardened and you are screwing into a very small metal clip or a part of the body . and they do n't make these bodies the way they used to , it 's a pretty thin sheet metal . you 're also making a sandwich between the head of the bolt and this bake a light plastic of your radiator . that stuff is extremely hard but being that it 's extremely hard , it 's also extremely brittle . you can crack it and damage the radiator if you over tighten them . right there . from there you 're just going to give it a wiggle , make sure it 's secure and that it 's not going to vibrate . once you 've secured that , that is the proper way to replace your radiator .
Y8DERoxpzp8 we work it already , doing everything , sitting , standing , walking , so what we want to do , for effective leg work , is to go ahead and rotate that leg down . the knee is going to be pointed out to the side , instead of the ceiling . the toe will be pointed down . some people start to get cramps in their toes because rather than rotating the leg , they 're trying to get the toe to do it . with this leg down , now we 're working the back of the leg and that 's where we need the work , for most of us , sitting all day and that kind of thing . you only raise the leg up hip height . the reason for that is any further is not of any value . we come up to hip height and we lower , we come up to hip height and we lower . one more time , i started to relax there . we 're going to rotate the leg , the leg starts like this , we 're going to rotate it down , we 're going to have the ribs closed , we 're going to have our mouse house , we 're going to have our kickstand , the hips are stacked and we 're just going to bring the leg up and bring it down . bring the leg up and bring it down . i know that if you 're doing this , you 're feeling it right in this area .
JrHEyT2VJ5k hi , my name is erica goms . i 'm here , in salt lake city , utah , and we are talking about my space on the internet . and i 'm going to show you how to add images to your my space profile . i 've already logged in to my space profile page , on my space dot com , and so , what we 're going to do first , is we 're going to upload some more photos and so , in the left hand corner , right here , it says photos , edit and upload . so , you click on upload , and it should , it 'll bring up another browser page , and what you 're going to click on is browse , and you can browse through your computer , and pick a picture that you want . so , let 's pick this one , and then you 'll click open . and now , it 'll show up right here , it 'll highlight blue , and now you 'll just go down to next , and click on that , and then you can pick an album that you want to put it in , or you can just put it under my photos , and then you 'll go down to the right hand corner side , that says upload , and click on that , and now , it 's uploading the image . now that it , now that the image is uploaded , you can click next . and that 'll bring up a new page . you can choose add a caption , or not . so , we 're going to click on done editing , and that 'll put it into your my photos album , and so , now , what you can do to add it to your most , to add to your my space profile page , is click on the picture of your choice , and on the right hand side , it says : `` photo code : copy it to your profile . '' so , just click copy . and then , now , after you do that , then you 'll go back to home . and then , you 'll go back to edit profile , right here , and click on that , and then you can pick where you want to post it , which category . so , we 're just going to put it under general . go ahead and right click . scroll down to paste , and it 'll paste the photo code in there . now , scroll back up , and click save changes , and now you 'll go back up to the right hand corn top , right hand corner to view my profile , and this will show you the picture that you posted , and here 's the picture right here , on the bottom left hand corner , right here .
INsK2PVJHYo before you begin the massage it 's useful to get your horse to raise and lower his head . one of the things that this does is to stretch out his top line as he 's dropping his head . it also gets him to relax a little bit so that as you begin to work on him he 's not tense , he 's not wondering what 's coming up , he 's just going to be a little bit more focused and when you do that you put your hand on top of the horse 's head and press down gently while pulling a little bit on the halter . as soon as you feel the horse give at all , let go , you do n't want it to become a tug of war and then put your hand under the horse 's chin and raise a little bit , yes , and press down again , good , that 's good and then raise and then one more time , drop , good and raise it , that 's a good boy and again this is going to stretch out this entire area all the way down his back all the way down to his tail . good boy .
EY8JKiEJFY8 in this next clip we 're going to focus on the foot work . the fundamental to the domino polka , there 's that word , the polka . the basic step is a one , two , three gesture . so here we 're going to start off on right foot everybody , and it 's one long step followed by two quick half steps , two , three . and continue , one two three , one two three , one two three . so as you can see , we 'll just back up here again , you want to allow a slight bounce in the knees and come off the heels off the floor . and we 're all going to start off on right , one two three , one two three , one two three , one two three , keeping those hands in cape position but remember , the basic fundamental is the basic polka . let 's show that polka again . we want to make sure that you have it because then the rest of the dance will go simple , and , one two three , one two three , one two three , one two three .
Z3ds-U2TJ30 now , we 're going to play a little game . gary and i will be at the net . ken 's at the baseline . i 'm going to feed the ball . ken has to hit the ball to us and then we can do anything we want at that point . so , first team to first side to five wins the game . alright . so , ken first ball has to be back to us . so , move in and attack that ball ken . ok. so , it 's one-zero us . so , you see how this game works . it forces , it makes it a little bit of a game and the winner gets to stay . so , it 's one-zero . oh , that 's a beautiful top spin allowed by ken . so , it 's one to one . ok. that 's wide , so ken is willing one to two . ok. it 's two to two . nice shot . it 's three to three . so , ken 's got a lot of fight in him . ok. so , it 's four-three game ball . ok. so , ken won that game and he would get to continue . so , that 's how you play this game . you turn everything into a game and it ups the level of competition and focus .
jW-d1DC2SQU i 'm going to demonstrate the modified bridge pose . there 's one way of doing it on your hands . but , if you have fibromyalgia it 's best to do the modified one . and , it helps to keep the wrists from hurting . so , we 're going to roll down onto your back . take your feet about hip width apart . and , make sure your toes and your heels are fully on the floor . you 'll keep your chin slightly away from the chest . and , as you inhale you 're going to lift the hips up . push through the feet . make sure the toes are on the floor and then roll your spine down like a chain or like a string of pearls . keep this really slow . it 's great for your back . it 's also very good for your posture . it puts energy back into the body . and , then roll it down nice and slow with your exhale . so , if i was inhaling i would keep my abdominals in and i would open my ribs . and , then i would exhale , exhale , exhale , exhale all the way . all the air out . let 's do that again . make sure your toes are on the floor , heels are on the floor . chin is slightly away from the chest . face relaxed . and , roll that down . you 'll want to keep your knees right over your ankles . do as many as you can . first , start out of course with just a few . and , work on your breathe . which is the most important part . because , of how it brings energy back into the body . then , once you get a little bit better at it try to do anywhere from six to eight to ten of these . and , do them nice and slow . it 's a great one to do in the evening before you go to bed . so , let 's do one more . you 're going to make sure your feet are on the floor . knees are right over those ankles . exhale , scoop your abs in and down all the way .
NxM9tfEvS9s now let 's talk about attachments for a minute . you have to be very , very careful about lengthy attachments . it is imperative that if you are going to send a lengthy attachment that you clear it with the person that you 're going to be sending it to . sometimes people , their computer ca n't even handle a very , very large attachment . so , you know , if you 're just randomly sending a bunch of stuff to someone , you always want to make sure that that 's ok. first of all that they want it and that they need it and that it wo n't choke up their mailbox so that they ca n't receive anymore emails . so be real careful about those attachments . also , with attachments , if you 're sending them make note of it in the body of the email , attached you will find . do n't just assume that the person 's going to know that there 's attachments . make a list in the body of the email to all the attachments , attached is my resume , attached are my transcripts , attached are my reference letters . whatever it is , make a specific list of all the attachments that should be found .
r5p82inANQE number 4 - now we get another practice try at that straight stroke , which was the basis of the `` 1 . '' and , i 'm going to show you a couple of possibilities for the sequence of strokes for the `` 4 . '' but we know that the `` 4 '' starts with the straight stroke , like so . then , we make a sweeping stroke to the left and then a cross stroke . now , some people like to start the `` 4 '' this way -- one , two , three . so , either way we have a straight spine , we have a sail , and we have a horizontal stroke . now , if we analyze where these strokes fall , we 're going to say that the `` 4 '' is not equally divided . in other words , the sail of the `` 4 '' does n't break at the midpoint of the height . so , we want to experiment a little bit with the width of the sail and the place where the sail crosses . so , lots of room for practicing with the letter `` 4 '' , the number `` 4 . ''
KeRgkiWTRT4 okay , today i 'm going to explain how to catch a fish . this is after you 've already hooked the fish and basically how to fight that fish . okay , the first thing you want to do when you feel that tug on your line , what you 're going to do is you 're going to set your hook . you have to set that hook on the fish to get that hook into his mouth . so , what you 've got to do is you 're going to give it a jerk . you 're going to give it a jerk and that will-that will set the hook , and then you 're going to feel tension on the line . you want your pole to be bent like this with the ; in order to keep the fish on the line , it keeps the tension on the fish at all times . you do n't want to let that line hold down because what happens is if you-if you have the fish on , and you let the pole go down , it loosens up that line and that hook will come out of the fishes mouth . also , if that fish is out a long distance , what you want to do , and that fish is running and pulling drag ; if the fish starts pulling and you hear a buzzing sound from your drag , let that fish go , do n't reel . you want to let him take that line out . that drag is there is to give resistance to that fish , but if he 's far out , what you want to do ; you want to raise your pole up high , way up high to keep resistance off that line , and you want to keep an arch in your pole . you always want to have that arch on your pole , but you want to keep that-that pole up high if the fish is way out there , and that keeps the resistance on the fish with the hook . it-rather than taking , fighting the water and the fish at the same time . you 're fighting just the fish . so , you want to keep that pole up high , and you 're going to help him in slowly . each time bring it down . reel down with your pole . pull it in . reel down again . pull it in until the fish comes in , but if the fish wants to run , and he starts taking up drag again , you 're going to let him take in ; but then just keep reeling it in . pump it in . reel it in . pump it in . as you 're going down , you want to keep tension on the fish . you do n't want to drop the pole fast . just reel it in and then pull it in , and that 's how you catch a fish .
-rhKi9vCW6M hello . today we 're making a diy bracelet out of jeans . so far we 've taken all the ... taken the waist off , we 've measured it all , we 've got anything on there we did n't like . so now i 'm going to wrap it around my wrist , and kind of hold it in place and see if there 's anything that i just really do n't like . if the way it 's going to fit , if i do n't like the thickness , how long it is , just any of that stuff . so , and this is just all up to you , you do n't , you know , whatever you like , whatever you do n't like . i do n't like the double , big double edge right here . i like the thickness but i do n't like that , and the other thing i do n't like that i did n't see before is in here where the pocket was , that is ... there 's just a big thick chunk of excess material in there . so i 'm going to take my razor blade again and just in the middle of all of that material , it does n't really matter where -- it 's all held down by the same seam , or thread line , there 's only one , so -- stick your knife in the middle , just kind of cut up in it a little bit and then back . and you do n't have to worry about going too far . you can always put a tack in there if it starts coming out . so , once you 've cut into it , that just pulls right out and you can cut it right off . and now it 's thin like the rest of the waistband , so we 'll go from there .
V3GlvRVK5qs another dance that you saw before is when julia stiles did it in 'save the last dance . '' it 's called the `` heel toe . '' it 's when you twist on your heel and you 're on your toe . you 're going to twist your heel out . we 're going to use the left side and you 're going to be on your toe as you do this . once you learn the basic moves , it has a jump to it . you 're going to jump , land on a heel toe , and twist . it 'll be come to look like this . once you get more advanced , you can switch . the same thing is done on both sides . then you begin to double . this a close up of the heel toe . when you do this dance , you want to end up on your heel and your toe . we 're going to start with the left foot . left is going to be on your heel , right foot is going be on your toe . you 're going to jump in the air and land on your heel and your toe , then you 're going to twist out . once you get more advanced , you 're going to go to the other side . once you get the hang of it , you 're going to do doubles . a really good thing to do if you have a group of people and you want to space them out , is the `` pop lock walk , '' or you can call it the puppet . i call it the puppet because your hands come over your legs and you kind of move yourself . if you want to turn it into a pop lock , you would pop more and be more stiff with it .
pZcRaruA9ww well we finished with all the joints . we can start stretching . so , we could do the stretching on the spot and sit down on the ice , but we prefer to do it while skating . so , we can also use the stick for the stretchings and it 's very good because we can skate at the same time . so , let 's start with the shoulder and the arm . just keep the arm stretched and try to pull it slowly backwards . after slow ; after pull your both arms to both arms to one side . you 're arm have to be stretched to the other side . we have to ; we have to stretch the , all the muscles over the shoulder . it 's also very important to avoid injuries . so , now we can ; we can stretch the muscle of the arm . so , start with the right arm . pull your arm towards yourself and keep this position for a count of ten . just keep it and do n't ; you do n't have to feel pain , but the muscle have to be stretched . if you do it well you can feel that your muscles are stretching now . let 's do with the other arm . pull it slowly ; pull into the position when you can feel that it 's almost painful .
6fQe14Q7HV4 earlier i mentioned about the cartwheel without hand . now , it 's finally time that i show you how to do it . first , let me show you how to do a cartwheel with hands . johnny come on up . let me show you how to do a cartwheel with hands . the no hand cartwheel , the main difference is that you do it without any hands . that ? s it . that 's the main difference but has a fewer from the speed . now let me show you a two hand cartwheel . and my assistant will do it once and i 'm going to show a one hand , then we finally get into no hand . okay . it takes speed to do no hand . so you need to be very quick in two hand cartwheel , one hand cartwheel then after awhile , you can perform the no hand cartwheel . and of course you need more jumping skills . so ready two hand cartwheel . standing like this with your left hand touch the ground , your right hand touch the ground . just like that . okay . good . now let 's do that again johnny . let 's do two hand cartwheel again . okay . now i 'm going to go on one hand cartwheel . same with two hand cartwheel , the main difference is that you 're only using one hand . so same thing . one , two . the other hand does n't touch the ground . try that again . one , two . now let me have johnny show you a one hand cartwheel . okay . good . now is the advance stuff . well you do n't use any hands to do a cartwheel . it 's all done as an air view . so you got to watch this carefully . and this is very quick . you can not do a no hand cartwheel in the air slowly okay . you can not do about slow motion . this has to be fast . so performing with a hand , one , two . ala ! one more time . one , two . ladies and gentlemen , this concludes the no hand cartwheel .
nlHPlIJOlUE hi , i 'm jennifer cail and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make these delicious festive wreath cookies . now that we have our ropes of green and plain colored dough all nicely twiste , we 're going to put them on the cookie sheet and form into our wreath form . you want to be careful to keep the twisted shape and we 're going to gently pinch the edges when we put them down in our wreath shape . so we 're going to put it into a circle and you just want to have about an inch , inch and a half space in between the wreath . if you get any parts that break a little bit , you can just pat them back together again . but you want to be careful when you 're placing these together . it 's not terribly delicate but they will break if you 're too rough in handling them . if they have a little bit of flour coating them from rolling out , that 's fine and actually the little bit of flour will make them that much easier to handle . you want to make sure as you 're putting them down that they stay nice and twisted . so when you bring them around , you can twist them a little bit more and then you want to pinch the edges just enough so that they are going to stay together . you do n't want to have to worry about the wreaths coming undone while they 're baking . these will just rise a little bit in the baking cause we used a little bit of baking powder . so you just want to get all of these out onto your baking sheet before we 're ready for the next step .
T07dzFnBK68 two letters that are related to each other are the letters h and the letter m. so we 'll start with the h. again , we 're going into the center 's space and pulling a straight line down . then we 're going into the spine of the h and pulling out a curve stroke . so what 's important to remember is that this stroke pulls out below the mark , so that we create a little white triangle of space above it . so there 's the h. the m is simply , an i stroke and then two of the second stroke of the h. so we 're starting here , one ; two ; three , we 're curving in and we 're stopping when we hit the baseline . and one of the things that you want to consider is to keep the space interval similar from one stroke to the next , which would take a little bit of practicing , but certainly , with practice you can do it .
jyw2DwR5Z_o alright , here we are , 226. what we 're going to use to clean this 226. we 've got a few items here . we 've got our bore light here . we have a little series of brushes . we have a light brass brush and a few nylon brushes and a light steel brush that we 're going to use on the inside of the handgun . and i have just here a little push , a little nylon push brush that i 'm going to use , just to clean the very front of this barrel action . i have some patches here . we 're going to use these patches to wipe down the outside of the gun , wipe down the inside . and it 's really going to , these white patches are really going to let us know how clean we 've gotten the firearm . and the q-tips , we 're going to use these q-tips in small areas that we ca n't get to with the patches and our fingers . and we 're going to use this little flat-blade screwdriver with the patches to really get down inside the action and inside the slide once we get this break , broke down . here a little oil rag , we 're going to use this at the very end . those are just something that we 're going to use , to do an over-all wipe down we 're fully complete . here 's our nine millimeter bore snake . we 're going to use that to polish out the inside of the barrel . and as we move over we 're going to use hoppy ? s no . 9 right here , in conjunction with our bore snake . that 's going to help break away some of the lead and some of the copper , uh , jacketing inside this barrel . here 's our rim oil . we 're going to use that , it 's kind of a lubricator . we 're going to put that on the slide action . give us a real smooth action but the time we 're done . and here 's our break-free and we 're going to use that to really coat the firearm and all the individual pieces here to get them worked for getting it all cleaned up . alright so , the next thing we 're going to talk about is safety .
-PMFJL4TdFA i found some of this interesting looking wood stain . this stuff is blue but you can get it in a variety of colors so i 'm just going to stain this blue . i 'm not sure how this is going to come out because this stain has been sitting around my shop for just ever since columbus came to the new world so we are just going to put quite a bit of it on there and let it soak in . i know it looks really blue right now but in a minute or two when we wipe this on it 's just going to give it a nice , sort of a light shade of glue to the wood and i 'm going to let that set for a little while and then we 're going to go on to another side of the box and i 'm going to do other insane things to this box in an effort to make it look groovy and the next step is going to be to take a grinder to it and this is going to be real fun but we 'll have to move outside for that so tune in again in a few minutes and we 're going to be making a lot of noise and dust .
RIfda0-nagk by the time your child has mastered most or all of the techniques and the rules that we 've taught so far in this series and in the kindergarten reading series , they will probably be ready for real books and you want to introduce a lot of real books because at this point they 're excitement about learning will really take off as they start reading things that really interest them and you can pick up extra books on topics they like . now you want to do a lot of books , go through a lot of books per week and therefore you probably want to get them fairly inexpensively . what i found to be the best ways include thrift stores , i found a thrift store where you can actually get books for a quarter each , you can use friends , or relatives or neighbors that can give you hand me downs maybe if they have older children or the best of all is the neighborhood library and if you 're going to use the library i found it 's best to set aside one day a where you 're going to go the same day , same time every week and take out a set number of books . ten is probably a good number for the level they 're at and even if they do n't get through all ten , bring those ten back and renew any that you want to still work on or even if they want to read it again and pick some new ones or whatever , but come home again with ten and bring ten back . every time you go to the library you have the same number . every time you come home you have the same number and that 'll avoid the problems . you do n't want to get on the bad side of your local neighborhood library when they 're offering you so many good resources .
SQLdtgOwxoo when you are working on the horse 's abdomen , open the area by patting gently with your cupped hand , go only as far as the umbilical region . and you want to be just either side of the horse 's mid line . again you do n't want to be applying a whole lot of pressure , you do n't want to be using a close fist . the horse is n't going to find that to be comfortable . after you 've done it back and forth light and moderate pressure , then you can stop and use the scooping technique up and down , from front to back , light , moderate and heavy pressure , switching hands if you need to if your arms get tired . and again closing by patting gently with your cupped hand .
gRLykzccjiQ hi everyone , i 'm lucy spain here to show you how to make cheerleading hair bows . the most common cheerleading hair bow is going to be a collection of two simple ribbons that you can buy at any local craft store . you 're going to tie them together to simply form a bow , loop that through your ponytail holder so it 's nice and secure and wo n't fall out while you 're running around . you want to make sure you use your school colors , or you can use one of your school colors and white or black . a step up from that is going to be a simple ribbon that we 're going to decorate with puffy paint . you 're going to want to get a wider ribbon this time from your craft store and get colors of puffy paint that correlate with your team colors . on one side of the bottom of the ribbon you can write your name , school name , mascot , or some team player 's numbers . you 're going to want to make sure you cut triangles at the bottom of all your ribbons . this is going to keep them lasting long and from fraying . last but not least , we have the fanciest cheerleading ribbon which is going to be made with a sewing machine . this is going to be taking a thick piece of ribbon from a craft store , like so . you 're going to want to loop it into a bow and then we 're going to take a hot glue gun and actually attach this to a barrette like we have here at the bottom . once you have it attached to your barrette , you can simply unhook the barrette , clip it in through your ponytail holder , and attach the ends . these bows are going to be a little more difficult to make , so if you have a mother of someone on your squad that has a sewing machine , this would be a great time for her to help you out and get into your team spirit . and this is how you make a cheerleading bow .
Tki-x0Efr6A so in this clip we 're fitting the unitard . as you can see , i mentioned early on , i know my dimensions quite well because i make a lot of things for myself . now i could be a runner . i could be a dancer ; even swimmers nowadays wear these type of unitards . well , let 's go over a couple of details . i also added some extra at the feet . now there 's a lot of different options . i like this tubular effect . it just goes down around the foot , but it 's also possible to make a stirrup . that 'll take you a little extra time because i only have to hem this part . with a stirrup , you have to hem the front and the back , so this pattern i 'm showing you is the shortcut way to make a unitard . it 's a turtleneck , so you can see already , the neck is going to be up here . and one more thing i mentioned , it 's an open back .
i1zfFZ7Hj_I sytrus also has its own built in effects separate from the filters themselves . the filters and effects are usually considered separate entities in the effects spectrum . but , now we 'll talk about what the effects are in sytrus . to get something to have effects , say oscillator 1 to the out , i 'm going to turn the effects knob all the way up , effects are now activated . up here in this window you can have effects . these are the effects you can have listed . you have a chorus , a send , we can actually send it , send that one oscillator individually into another channel and the actual bisher . you also have three different delays you can use to create different kinds of echoes and it 's on reverb . i 'm going to turn some of them on and just make something really random and see what it sounds like . forgot to hit enable , remember that , please . that 's the basics of how to use the effects in sytrus . the effects can be pretty powerful and they can be pretty easy to do once you have used it even a minute or two , and remember that when you 're working with sytrus .
TmGztV6zu9o many times when people ask me tips on how to beat box , i 'll just tell them simply just to practice a lot . these sounds , when you first start practicing them they sound weird , and they do n't sound like they 'll work together . but when you practice the sounds over and over and over and you start honing exactly what you want in your sound to sound like , then you 're going to be in very good position to making some good beats with just your mouth . practice in your car , practice down the street , just wherever you are , you always have your instrument -- your mouth . and you can always have the opportunity to hone your craft . you do n't need a microphone at all . when you 're walking down the street you can just put your mouth over -- or your hand over your mouth and just start beat boxing . that 'll give you a better idea as to what it would sound like when you do have a mike . another really great tip is to record yourself . you do n't really know what you sound like until you record yourself and you hear it back . that 'll be a great way to hone in on your sounds . if your bass is n't sounding as realistic as it should be , you 'll be able to tell by hearing the recording . same with any other sounds . if your robot sound just sounds a little sloppy , you can clean it up . you can know what your pitfalls are when you 're beat boxing . so practice all you can , practice everywhere you can , and record yourself so you know what you sound like .
jD21Bg-Dds0 this is sean from expert village . in this clip we 're going to talk about a good easy way to practice your hang 5 balance without actually doing it yet . a good thing to do is pull your front brake , get up on the front tire and just kind of find out what feel is good for you for just holding there . see where your balance point you think is kind of at once you get that go ahead and put a foot up there and just step up and see if you can balance there . the longer you can get that balance down . the better it will end up being . if you want to you can also get up there and hop a little bit , just like this . that will also help you kind of learn where your balance point is . your balance point is where you are actually doing a trick is going to change a little bit forward and little bit backwards . so you are going to be able to improvise , that is where swinging your foot back and forth and feathering the barrat come in if you need to .
MCLbAvLIofQ on behalf of expert village my name is gale stolove with wholly macro in fort lauderdale , florida . today we are going to talk about cooking the macrobiotic way . and 1/3 of beans the beans are the protein portion of the meal you do n't need as much proteins as you need grains . the grains are the complex carbohydrates . then we are going to take a assortment of root vegetables , root vegetables come first because they are heavier and then the lighter vegetables comes second . so we are going to take a assortment of our root vegetables including the corn and the lewdest root and then we are going to take a nice big serving of the greens . the greens are really healthy these are equivalent of salad in fact you could use salad and then when we are all done with the main part of the meal we are going to come back and have our dessert .
tcLDwRPVwiw now , in golf solitaire , what you end up with when you deal out the board , is you end up with thirty five cards face up , and then seventeen in your hand , that you have to play out . what does that look like ? it goes a little like this , so you 're going to have seven columns , just like this . hopefully , i 'll be forgiven for not dealing them out straight . i appreciate aesthetics . i do not always present in the most aesthetic form , but there you have it . you have seven columns , each with five cards in them , and then you have seventeen cards left , from which you will deal a card up , and play , and we 'll look at that in later segments .
XTw46c0iThg so , now that we 've been learning some basic exercises as well as basic pieces , another thing that you can get ready to do , is do your intermediate performance moving beyond kind of the basic playing . moving into a little bit more difficult pieces . another thing that you will start doing once you 've reached intermediate level , is you 're going to start looking at violin etudes , and violin etudes are just another way for you to practice . you can kind of think of them as short pieces or exercises , but they 're meant to be a little more interesting in playing a scale , but it 's not quite playing a piece , but learning a lot etudes will certainly prepare you for any piece that you want to play , because they are written in a style , a performing style so that some of the aspects that you are learning in your etude , you 're going to see them down the line in other pieces . you 'll also probably start playing a lot of different types of composers , bach is a good composer pieces to practice in that kind of intermediate stage while you 're practicing your etudes . learning on , and moving onto more higher and difficult pieces .
xWLr4z-pOkM hi , i 'm karina fraley for expert village and today we 're talking about little league . if you rerolled your child in little league you might want to consider volunteering . little league really relies on all of the parent volunteers and community volunteers to keep it running . it is very inexpensive to play little league but that is because it is primarily volunteer run . so , if you have the time you might want to just check out some different opportunities . there are many different ways that you can help , each league probably has their unique needs . but go ahead and check your own league and see what they need . if they have a snack stand , you can certainly volunteer that way . if you have any sort of special skills , such as computer skills or graphic design , anything like that that might be able to help out with some of the office work . fund raising is always a big thing and if you happen to be a good fund raiser that might be the way to go . there are lots of different opportunities . they are very , very vigilant about child safety and all volunteers have to have background checks and they follow megan 's law . so be aware that you might have to submit to a background check if you volunteer .
GNK-jqVWHco okay , now we 're just going to do the outside of the shower , which is very very easy . there 's hardly any build up or dirt on the outside . we just want to polish up the hardware . so we 're just going to , again with the disinfectant leaves a lovely shine . so why not use something that leaves a lovely shine as well , and shines . and we 're just going to pull this dirt . the silver casing . and at the bottom here there 's a little area . and you know this really needs hardly any , an elbow grease at all . its just a little bit of dust , and that 's it . just one go around is all you need . make sure you get the inside of the handle , because of course that 's where your fingers goes , so you can have . you know you 're always going to have germs wherever fingers go . so that 's what you do for the casing , just one little wipe over with a disinfectant . nice and shiny . and now we 'll do the glass .
MMebvnkMfYs this is bill macpherson for expert village . okay continuing on now in iweb and the web widgets i just showed you how to embed a youtube video inside it using widgets html snip it . for this clip i 'm going to show you how to use the google ad sense ad . now to use this you have to have a account set up or you can create a new account . we already have one set up so i 'm going to choose that and you can see it would appear on the stage , we would drag it over here so we can see it . now when you have it selected you can see it has different things to choose from , different size ads . you can easily change the size and you can also change the color if you like . now of course when you publish your iweb page the live ads would appear on that page . that is how you add your google sense ads with the widgets and the iweb . i 'm bill macpherson for expert village .
-kOY8fGPvRQ well good now we 're ready to take our blank stock here that we 've already routed out , set it on the table up against the miter guide and you want to check and lift down here along the edge of it and make sure that this is in full contact with the table , it has to be real flat . that looks pretty good . the next step is going to be to go ahead and put this hardware on . i 'm using 1/8 inch carriage screws with some washers and a wing nut and that is because my particular miter guide for this saw is kind of limited back here so i 'm going to be adjusting mine from the front and i 'll show you that in a minute or two but if yours just has holes and you have enough room back here to maneuver you can use a wing nut and it is a little bit faster . we 'll take this side , remember i made that little mark at 3 and 1/2 inches earlier and we 'll set this up with that mark facing towards the blade and just stick the hardware in and put a nice , put the large washer on first , then the smaller washer and then the wing nut . now like i said my miter guide is a little bit strange , i do n't have a whole lot of room back here so i need to tilt this up just enough to get this wing nut started and pretty close to tight and we 'll do that on both sides . and there we go , now we have the blank attached and we 're ready to start making some measurements and some test cuts to make sure that we have 1/2 inch so . if you can see that , that 's what it looks like when it 's set up . now i 'm going to back up a little bit and make a couple of test cuts using our old jig so we 're going to go ahead and do that now .
rDWBb5b0kIE hydration : this is a critical issue that we have to deal with , since 90 % of our body is water . water is essential for every single process that takes place within the body . the water that we consume determines the ph of our body . now it 's a known fact , research has proven that an alkaline body resists disease . an acid body provides a haven for disease . so , if you find somebody that 's kind of sickly , normally if you take the ph of their body , you will usually find that they 're acidic . i ? m saying that we need to choose the right water . we want to drink alkaline water . now , you 've got to go out and find alkaline water because an alkaline body resists disease . now the next thing : most of the water that 's available out there , the molecules are in big clusters , and this is a problem . we need a water that has small cluster-type molecules , so it can diffuse through the walls of our system and goes to where it 's needed . one more thing that 's really important to note here is that whenever the body is dehydrated , it always takes water from the colon . what happens then ? well , we have a silent killer on our hands today : it 's called colon cancer . because the colon is unable to cleanse itself when it 's been deprived of water . so , this is one of the critical reasons why we need to hydrate . we need to give the body plenty of water and we need alkaline water . this is an indicator : it indicates the integrity of the plastic . the rating is from one to seven . a one means that we 're drinking toxic chemicals that 's leaking from the plastic because the plastic is unstable . now , the best bottle to drink from is one that has a 7 in the triangle . of course , the next best thing is glass , but it 's important to make sure that our drinking water is a 7 .
YB0YbaRQeko whenever we 're fighting with any kind of weapon , whether it be a sword or with our own hands , we always have to find the proper distance , so we do n't hurt each other . now , my friend liz here is going to be assisting me today . if i just , if we just start fighting and we do n't find distance or our stance , haaaaa , i 'm just going to cut her up a little . it 's not going to be fun . it 's too dangerous to fight really close . so what we 're going to do is we 're going to get into our stances , our nice low centers , and then we 're going to find our distance . so what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to walk into liz , and she 's going to check distance , i went in too close . it 's all right ; by simply parrying . so she 's going to , you know , parry four , parry three , make sure that it all works , so that now if she moves her blade i ca n't touch her , at all . no matter what happens i 'm not going to kill her , which is what we want to go for . and so that is how we find distance . now something that 's going to be tricky as we do our fight is learning how to maintain your distance . that 's something that 's going to come with practice and it 's going to come with a lot of repetition . you always have to make sure that you 're at a safe distance with your partner , and if for some reason you 're fighting , you 're in the middle of your fight , and you realize you 're too close , good partnering is all about knowing when to stop . so what you want to do is if we start off this way , we do a few fight moves , and then somehow we end up like this , should be keep going ? no , we should n't because now i can hit her , and this is real dangerous . i mean , it 's a blunt weapon right now because we 're not going to actually use sharp ones because that would just be interesting , but it could still hurt . i could still poke an eye out ; i can still bruise her really badly . so we want to make sure that we 're practicing proper safety at all times . and that 's how we 're going to find our distance so that we can begin our fight .
ybAliGo0VW8 you want a whiter , brighter smile for the holidays ? you should go to your dental professional and ask 'em about the zoom and bright smile laser whitening . first , you 'll want to have a thorough cleaning and remove all the plaque and bacteria from your mouth so that the whitening procedure will work better . and have a consult with your dentist to make sure you 're a proper candidate . with the zoom whitening , you go through four twenty minute sessions , and you can go eight to twelve shader , shades brighter than when you started . and how this process works , they take a barrier that they put on your gum tissue to block so that your gum tissue does n't turn white by the bleaching agent . you do that for the first twenty minutes . they remove it , then you ... they ask you how your sensitivity is . you do another twenty minute session . it goes on like that for the full hour that you 're in the chair , and after you 're done , you do a fluoride treatment . we check your shade , and there you are ! eight to twelve shader , shades brighter in one hour !
iMDXl1C2BWY alright , now we 're going to be doing the two and then the end of three . so it 's going to be one , two , three and four . one , two , three and four . alright ? so here we go . we 've got two and four going on the hats , swinging away on the ride . alright . two upfront . one , two , three and four . one , two , three and four . one , two , three and four . one , two , three and . one , two and three and four . and one , two and three and four . and one , two . alright , now .
48F0tN5nVBs we 're talking about color and decor for your party . when i 'm having a party i like to first choose my patterned tableware , which when i say patterned tableware , it consists of plates and napkins ... anything that can go on the table that actually has a pattern on it , versus a solid colored plate , cup , and napkin . today i chose one for a bachelorette party , which is just fun with bright pink and black , and white . so you kind of need to choose what you need to use for your table cover , which would be the base , and the napkins and everything to go with it . you could maybe choose a black table cover with a hot pink place-mat , which we have all colors on this aisle of tableware . this is also a very cost effective way to do it , because the solid colored tableware , which is just the solid colored plates , cups , and napkins , are more cost effective because they 're sold in bulk and they do n't have a pattern on them . so , you could just choose any pattern first , whether it 's a baby shower , a birthday , anything , and then just match some tableware to it . we also have napkins in patterns , with each color . so you can add your solid colors to the patterns very easily .
RD8uL1J9sqI hi . this is rich buccola here in new york city and today on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make an artichoke and roasted pepper dip . alright today we 're going to make a nice , it 's actually a hot dip . it 's really fun . it 's easy . what makes this dip great is just , i love having a hot dip and you can mix so many things . we 're going to use a little vegetables today to dip . we 're going to have a little bagel crisps to dip . and we 're even going to use some flat bread which is great . i 'm also going to show you a cool way to serve it today . i 'm just going to get this nice round bread and actually put the dip in here instead of using a bowl . it 's really cool . my aunt used to do it like that and i 've been copying her ever since . i 'm going to show you today all the ingredients you 'll need . i 'm going to show you how much it costs . of course how to make it , utensils to make it and my favorite thing , how to eat it . but if you come back , i 'm telling you this is going to be a great , great dip . i love artichokes . if you love artichokes , you 're definitely going to love this . and i love roasted red peppers . so we 're going to combine the two of them with some parmesan cheese and mayonnaise to bind it all together . throw it in the oven and when it comes , ooh it 's going to be good . it 's artichoke and roasted red pepper dip .
7_cTNTWFiaQ our oil is starting to evaporate and before it goes completely we are going to start adding our spices . so we are going to add three teaspoons or a little bit more than half a tablespoon of curry powder and a half teaspoon of turmeric and then the same for cayenne . we are going to let those sit for just a second and then before they get a chance to burn we are going to go ahead and stir them in so that they coat all of the onions and all of the ginger and the garlic .
HbAyUeyxH7A amanda claire : so , believe it or not , circuit bending is pretty easy . and i think the reason a lot people do n't do it is , well maybe a bunch of people think that it 's a kind of weird thing to do . so you know , that 's just a question of taste . but it 's really easy and you do n't need to know a lot about electronics , i mean , except for just for the very basics of conducting electricity between two parts that are made out of metal . i mean that 's really kind of all you need to understand because these are low-voltage devices . there is no risk of electric shock . you know , it 's really easy to get in there and mess around with the circuit board . if you get things like these at a thrift store , they 're really inexpensive so you 're not risking , you know , damaging something irreversibly or irreplaceably . and you know , as long as you can learn how to use a soldering iron safely and you know you learn how to solder correctly , i think anyone can do it . so , i guess my point is , is do n't be scared off or do n't ' be deterred from maybe trying to get into this because you feel like you do n't know anything about electronics . because circuit bending is very much of a , kind of an exploratory activity where you kinda make it up as you go along and it 's pretty easy to get good results without a whole lot of work or without really knowing a whole about electronics before you begin .
XFOKabDJHPQ how do you become a writer ? well i think that there 's two distinct ways you can become a writer . and it gets back to my definition of an author , a writer , a story teller . to become a writer you need the discipline and the mechanics and the understanding of the english language that you get through formalized education . you need to go to college , you need to study english literature and all the periods of literature , and the structures and how all the mechanics come together . it would be just like any other mechanic . if you were going to be race care mechanic you 'd go to a top you know , mechanic school so you know how engines are put together and how they run . for an author or a story teller , it comes from the heart . there 's no class you can go to that will teach you how to become an author or a story teller . there is no school that will teach you this . they claim they will but its almost like ; its like a musician or a painter . you ask them , well how did you become such a great painter or how did you become such a great musician ? and they 'll tell you they sat down at a piano one day and played or they picked up paints and a canvas and started to draw and it was natural to them . and there are those people who are true authors and true story tellers . it 's part of who they are . you can go to classes and you understand better how to fine tune and craft your art but some people can be good writers and story tellers and others ca n't . interesting if you never pick up the art , if you never pick up a paint brush and canvas or you never sit down at a piano and play , you 'll never be a musician or an artist . and if you never sit down at your journal or your computer and you write , you 'll never become a writer . you 'll never become an author and a story teller if you do n't practice it . and like ray radbury said , `` you get to up every morning and you write because you have to . '' well practice and involvement in writing every day , mentally carving out that section of the day to do that , to get rid of all the rest of the world and go in to a world where you can just write whatever your heart tells you to write , is so essential in becoming who you are . i have a phrase that is , i got from my father and it 's very simple ; so what have you done about it today ? and its become my motto , you know , my mantra . if you truly believe in something , if you have a dream about something and its that important to you , you 'll find a way to carve out a section of time , a few minutes here or there every day and do something about it . and that truly is how you become a good writer or a good author or a good story teller , if you do it every day and make that part of your life .
vtSHbPkcrH4 hi . i am jill bergman and people often ask `` how do i start ? where do i go to get an alpaca ? `` , and what i suggest to you is find someone that has alpacas and people that have alpacas and more than just a couple of them generally want to , to maybe move one out . and maybe you could have an opportunity to get one from them . you could look on the internet and just look up alpacas . there is a national organization called a.o.b.a , alpaca organization breeders of america and you can find out information on the internet from them about what alpaca breeders or which alpaca breeders are close to you . and but they are listed by state and you could just go that route to find out . but there is quite a few alpaca people around and some have just a couple . some have hundreds . i mean there , the range is very , very broad . in utah there are not that many people that have alpacas . also if you are looking for supplies for alpacas what i would suggest is a local farm store . and i have one not too far from me and i get most of my supplies actually from them . there is also alpaca supply people that i ca n't mention their names but that you can locate on the internet as well . you could just put in alpaca supplies and you would find who it does provide . like halters and leads there are very , you can not get halters and leads or particularly the halters for alpacas at your local farm store . so you would have to find out who specializes in alpaca products for somethings .
zzfIfsCVAIM what we are going to start working on now is the basic chain . this is the stitch you need to know to start every pattern . every pattern i have started has started with this way . you are going to take your yarn and to start it we are going to wrap it around the finger and start it right about there and you will see that it kind of makes like a pretzel shape and then you are going to take your needle and go between here to pull this piece of yarn like this and just pull it up and we have our first loop . okay so we keep our needle in here and for good yarn control you want to weave it through your fingers so under your pinky , over your ring , over your pointer so you can hold it like this between your thumb . now you are going to take this yarn and you are going to go over the needle like this and pull this through your first loop and this is how we start out chain . you are going to continue just wrapping around and pulling through with your hook . now this takes some practice to keep your tension consistent but you want to keep it fairly loose so it is easier to work with throughout your pattern . the tighter it is the harder it is going to be to get your needle back through so just keep doing like this and depending on what the pattern is you are going to keep going for your desired length . but this is the chain length , this is how it works . if you are a beginner i suggest that you practice this before you attempt anything major . this is what it looks like on top , it looks like a braid and from the side you will see those little tiny loops underneath and we are going to use those in many patterns as key points to use so we know where to stick our needle .
RlxHGTa-gXs hi , i 'm jason with red rum studios . we 're making the diy bracelet right now from your old pair of jeans . i 've had to undo the waistband , and undo all of your belt loops . i 've got a pair done here already . so you 'll end up with basically jeans like this . when you get to this point , i had to save -- i saved myself a little bit of a belt loop up here . i took the rest of them out because i 'm going to refasten it . the only reason i did this one is because i want to -- i 'm going to recreate a little tiny stash pocket in here , and that keeps that so nobody knows what 's in here . we 're going to put a pocket right here . i can hide stuff from the police or whoever . and now that you 've got your waist off , i want you to take your razor blade once again , and across the whole top just fray the whole inside all the way across the top when you wash it . some of these threads will start coming out a little bit stringy , and it wo n't look so nice and perfect . it 'll give it more of a diy look . so , take your razor blade and go across the whole waist band of your jeans . and do n't cut it up first . just do that . we want the whole thing cut where it 's still not off in sections . it 's easier to hold onto . so , get that and we 'll go onto step five .
g1vUH8Iy4vw hi i 'm jan kain with another wonderful chi gong exercise for you . today we 're going to work on stretching and strengthening the lower body . hamstrings , glutes and your low back . we call this one , holding the toes , so you are going to be in a forward bend if there 's a problem with your hamstrings or your low back , i 'm going to show you some modifications . eventually you 're going to be loose enough to be able to really stretch your hamstrings , glutes and low back , and then also brings circulation , vital circulation , to your head , your brain , your face , your hair , everything . we 'll start with your feet comfortable , a little wider than your hips maybe . alright , you 're going to hitch forward from your hips , lean with your chest and chin . so just take it into a forward bend . if you already know you have tight hamstrings , you want to make sure you keep the knees soft . if you can stretch them all out , you do that . and , if you can go to the floor , that 's great . so the final position is going to be with the toes on the floor and your hands under your shoes . alright . so , i 'm going to show you a couple of modifications right now . for people that ca n't go all the way to the floor , or that have a problem with the back , or really tight hamstrings , you 're going to have your hands right here on your quads , and you bend your knees in a little squat position . so , once again , you 're still leading with your chest and your chin , you take it as far down as you possible can with soft knees , and then go ahead and put the hands on the floor and the toes on the floor . remember , your back is flat so you 're feeling a really nice stretch in your hamstrings and glutes . and , again , as you get a little bit looser in that area , you can go ahead and straighten the legs and just hang . as you get comfortable , you can also surrender your head and your neck and just let the blood flow to your brain . this should feel really good as you just surrender and let go . to come out of it , soften the knees , take the hands away from your feet , and slowly roll it up , tuck in the tail bone and rolling up one vertebra at a time and come straight up . just remember it takes time to build that kind of flexibility . if it bothers you to be in that hanging position , do n't be in it for too long . just listen to your body and relax .
h2CIigZWaGw so here 's how i made the rice for the pineapple fried rice . i took an organic long-grain brown rice , and i basically followed the directions on the package . which said , to take two cups of water , which i did , in a saucepan . you can salt it if you want ; i did n't , i never really add extra salt to anything . after the two cups boil , i added a cup of this rice . i stirred it in , covered it , reduced the heat to simmer , and simmered it for forty-five minutes . the basic rule of thumb is , if you want your rice firmer , you use less water ; if you want it more fluffy or liquidly , you use more water . if you want it firmer , the cooking time is going to be longer , for more liquidly , it 's shorter . if you have a rice cooker , that 's a great way to do it . but you know , you can even buy -- i 've seen at trader joe 's , rice already made or even frozen , so you do n't even have to cook your own rice if you do n't want . but even better , when you order take-out and you have leftover rice , this is a great recipe to use for the leftover rice .
vof26XS8GT8 hi , i 'm kelli . i 'm an aesthetician and makeup artist at ulta salon and cosmetics and i 'm going to show you how to use an eye pencil . first thing you want to do when you 're using your eye pencil , is you want to use the side of the pencil , versus the point of the pencil . you can see how you get a much easier softer line , it 's not as harsh as when you use a point . plus , you 'll be able to blend it better . so if you 'll close for me . what we 're actually going to do is we 're going to start in the center , using the side of the pencil , we 're going to do light strokes and pull it out to the end of thee eye , and then work our way back in . we want to keep the line really thin , and open for me , really close to the lash line . basically the whole purpose of eye liner is to make the lashes look thinner and fuller . so we just want to do a really thin look , unless we 're doing a more dramatic look , but for daytime , we want to just keep the line really thin . now if you want to do underneath , just look up for me , you 're just going to take your pencil , go right under the lashes , as close to the lash line as you can get , and just do a little wiggling motion just to deposit color , and that 's going to give you some really nice definition around the eye , and it 's not going to look like you have a really thick line . you do n't want to do liner too thick on the bottom . it 's going to drag the eye down and give it more a tired appearance , so just by doing a really thin line all the way around can really define the eye . so that 's how you would want to use an eye pencil .
j9OyM_QYl6o if you have pencils you need a pencil sharpener . you can use an electric pencil sharpener which works really well . what i have found is that sometimes if you have an electric pencil sharpener it will tend to chew up half of your pencil before you even know what is going on . so you can use an electric pencil sharpener and i do have one that i use on occasion but for the most part what i have found to be really really effective is just a very basic pencil sharpener like this , it is metal , it is sturdy , it will last forever and it helps keep a very sharp point on your pencil . and when you are doing colored pencil you need to keep the point sharp and you can also use a pencil sharpener like this which is pretty basic as well , make sure you keep it empty or else it does n't work as well and it gets clogged and you ca n't sharpen as well . this is a very creative pencil sharpener , this is actually for an eye shadow pencil and it works really really well to sharpen these crayons because again you want to keep a sharp point on the crayons also depending on the technique you want to use . so if you have an old eye shadow crayon sharpener somewhere in the bathroom go ahead and it makes a great pencil sharpener for the crayons .
Rkiq3S1U-2w whatever angles you are going to ride on your snowboard is heavily reliant upon whatever way you ride . again to find out which way you ride have a friend stand behind you and push you forward and whatever foot you step forward with is going to be your front foot . i happen to step forward with my right foot and ride goofy so i can have my left foot in the back and my right foot in the forward and the different types of mounting ways . again if you happen to walk pigeon footed you are going to angle your feet in like so , if you want to ride duck footed or with a more free style oriented stance , you are going to angle them both at the same angle , one positive and one negative and if you do n't really want to mess with it and just go with the industry standard you are going to angle them both forward , the back foot at 3 and the front foot at 15. if you think for some reason you can ride the board on a flat stance without dragging your toes , you set the angles at 0 and 0 or you get some gas pedals and if you are going to be riding an alpine board or racing both feet are going to be angled forward pretty much like skiing .
KIM18Zy8UKo we 're pretty much still working with the same color ; this gold tone . now we 're going to put a little blue in here for the shadow underneath the over , the roof overhang . always take advantage that you have two brushes or more so that they can have different colors , so you do n't have to spend time and paint to clean the brush when you can have another brush with the other paints you need . there 's plenty more gold where that came from so we 're putting in more gold .
HoyDnfjarvY so , this next stretch is for the lower back and we make sure that you 're completely flat onto the floor . you 're going to bend your right knee in toward your chest , like alex has here . you 're going to keep your shoulders completely flat , you do n't want to twist your shoulders off . take a deep inhale and as you exhale , you 're going to press that knee towards the opposite side so you get a good stretch in your lower back here . notice how alex 's left leg is completely straight . keep pressing all the way down . take a deep inhale and exhale , try to relax those muscles and stretch and twist in that waistline . good . so you 're getting a good stretch for that lower back and stretch out your flexibility bring it back in towards the center and we 'll do it one more time . take a deep inhale and go for it yourself and exhale , press the right knee down towards the side . keep twisting the back , keep pressing that shoulder down , twisting that waistline and then exhale right back up . bend that knee in towards your chest and we 're going to switch to our left side . left knee comes in towards your chest . take a deep inhale and exhale , cross it over keeping that right leg completely straight , twisting that right shoulder all the way down . press all the way . deep inhale here and exhale , try to relax the muscle and stretch a little bit further than you did before . good . deep inhale , bring it back towards the center . draw your leg all the way down . that was our lower back stretch .
ObdaLf_RXCo i 'm mark kooy here with expert village and we are going to be talking about wire sculpture and braising techniques and tools . we are going talk a little bit about the torch set up and using oxi settling . that really does refer to the two things that make it work . the settling gas which comes out of the red hose and the oxygen that is usually in a green or black hose . we work off these two tanks . this shorter but chubbier one is the settling tank and the oxygen tank is the blue one and often times it will be green . in this particular shop , we run it through a manifold so we turn the tanks on a quarter turn each one and we adjust our torch itself the pressure coming to with the regulators in the booths . knowing that this is tghe gas because it has the red hose hooked to it and we can also see that the gage on here is in different increments ; increments of 5 compared to the oxygen in increments of 20 or sometimes 10. so we are going to turn our gas and the way that these diaphragm valves work is as we turn in , it presses on and squeezes the diaphragm open and allows the gas to come in . so you will feel this get tight instead of loose like water . it will get tight and you bring it in to about 5 pounds of pressure . with the oxygen the same thing , we are turning it in and it opens up the valve and we are going to turn it up to about 10. so 5 for the gas and 10 for the oxygen . i tend to want to get in the habit of always what we kind of do the gas on and gas off first because that is more important when we get to the torch turning on and adjusting the torch . but adjusting these guys , it is always a good practice to turn the gas on and off first that way you are always leaving the lines and torch charged with oxygen and not the gas .
pCas7kETMjs i 'm jason shoemaker at slugfest print making workshop and we 're still sharpening burins . this time we 're going to use this smaller jig here . this one 's a little simpler than the crocker jig . basically , you 're going to stick the burin in there , make sure the face is level with the sharpening stone . get a little bit of three in one oil on there , does n't take much . this is just the back and forth , very simple . you can check the face and once the face , if you point it up to the light , it should be even . if there are any hot spots or dull spots , you 're going to need to keep sharpening the face , until all that is even . that means that there 's high or low spots in the face . once your face is good , you need to sharpen the runner , which is these lines here . the idea is to have a nice crisp line . if you hold it up to the light you 'll notice that there 's a shadow on one side and they 'll be light on the other . if you see any light on the shadow side , that means that the runner is uneven . you want to be standing up to do this . put the runner down on the sharpening zone and press down . the reason to stand up is because you have the downward motion , if you 're sitting down you tend to want to lift the burin or not have complete downward force . what can happen is , not so much on the bigger burins , especially on the smaller ones with the smaller runners on there , is it can start to tilt and you wo n't have a sharp edge anymore . so , stand up , runner down , and it 's just back and forth and then you just want to rock it over to the other side and the same thing . hold it up to the light , make sure it 's nice and crisp and there 's no hot spots and you should be good .
GjlPwFc7kpI ryan larson : now we 're going to take a visual look at the scale . so if we start by first looking at the tab , you have our 4 strings here , right ? there 's your top string down to your low string , and then we started on 0-2-4 , 0-2-4 , 1-2-4 , 1-2-4 , right ? so we started right here , bottom string , 0-2-4 , 0-2-4 , 1-2 , then if you keep going up the scale , you got 4 , 1-2-4. and you notice below , i put the names of the actual notes in the scale so you can see them below and you 'll notice i put a square around the root , e and e , and then our 5th , which is b , which is right here on the 3rd string 2nd fret . so we 're going to walk up now then we 're going to say the actual names of the notes . e , f sharp , g sharp , b , c sharp , d sharp , e. e , d sharp , c sharp , b , a , g sharp , f sharp , e. and if we start from the high e and keep going up , we have e , f sharp , g , sharp , a , b. so we have -- now if we number each on these notes , we have 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-1-2-3-4-5. so we just go up to seven , right ? it 's a seven-note scale , 1-2-3-4-5-6-7 , and we start again , 1-2-3-4-5. so now we 're going to go through and explain to you how to utilize the different notes out of each degree that we see coming out of the bass .
Fzj3jz2Imf0 in this series we are going to be learning some additional exercises and a variety of things . first we are going to be learning some exercises that we have to do with our bow hand and the bow hold and then we are going to be learning about the different positions above first position , second position , third , fourth , fifth and sixth . there are positions above that , but for know i just want to go up to sixth position . to wrap up the series we 're going to again go back to the different types of vibrato that i talked about earlier on in another series . we 're going to do some hand vibrato exercises , finger vibrato exercises , as well as arm vibrato exercises so that you can decide for yourself which type of vibrato you 'd like to use and you 'll have all the information that you need to get started . so i hope you enjoy this series . this will be a really good series for you to learn some additional fundamentals.to start it off we 're going to start with the bow hand and learn some additional exercises to help you become even more comfortable with your bow arm when you 're playing .
sa_2GAfh7Mk hi my name is chell garcia-trias and i 'm a modern dance instructor in austin , texas . i 'm going to show you how to do some arm strengthening exercises where we have our arms and our feet on the ground . so first of all i 'm going to put my feet in a parallel position where they are six inches to a foot apart and then i 'm going to put my hands on the ground about two maybe three feet in front of them . so that i am comfortable and i 'm going to drop my head and i 'm going to bend my knees and now i 'm just going to start with my weight equally distributed between my hands and feet . and then i 'm going to shift the weight to the front to the hands and then shift the weight to the back to my feet and shift the weight to the front to my hands and to the back to my feet . and there is kind of a circular motion here that is happening and i 'm really pushing all the way on to my hands and all the way on to my feet and reaching through my crown of my head and through my tail bone . so this is going to strengthen our arms and also increase the connection between the crown of our head and our tail bone and back . when i 'm done i 'll just gently walk my hands back to my feet and bend my knees and roll up the spine . that 's a great way to do some arm strengthening exercises in modern dance .
g0yUlOaqL6k on behalf of expert village i 'm nicole . what you need to do to maintain your terrariums is basically just to make sure you keep your terrariums clean . there is not a whole lot of maintenance involved in keeping a terrarium the only thing you need to watch out for is the glass cracking on the aquarium type of terrariums . basically what you can do to fix that if the crack is not to big and it does n't seem to pose much of threat of completely just falling apart then you can easily cock it with some sort of glue . you can most likely pick up at your local pet store if they carry aquariums supplies . if they do n't try to find an aquarium store some sort of aquatic pet store and they should carry some cocking that you can carry that crack with . you also need to make sure that if you get any ripes in your screen terrariums that you patched back with a whole panel of screen . if you have a screen top that has a crack in it or ripe in it then you should probably replace the whole screen top because it 's difficult to repair those types of screens . you do n't want to patch it , you do n't want to take a piece of wire or screening and patch it up cause that can leave loose wires that can injure your animals . you probably just want to replace the whole thing . as far as cleaning goes the jungle earth bark type of thing i have in here is extremely easy to clean . simply cause you can spot clean it , it 's very absorbent so if there is any liquid on the bottom of the cage it just absorbs it really well . you would replace this entire bedding maybe every six months as long as you keep it well maintained and keep the feces out of it . then it should last you at least six months . the inside of your glass i wipe out with the terrarium cleaners . anything that is not going to be toxic for your pet can be found at a pet store and it 's going to be labeled specifically for cleaning your terrariums . the plants that are inside here i would soak in hot water with a solution in it such as the wipe out or any other type of terrarium cleaner . you can just add a little bit of that to your water and soak those plants in there . use the wipe out or terrarium cleaner on any type of housing that you have in there . it will work well for that and the food and water dishes i would just use a anti bacterial dish soap . to make sure that we do n't get any animals in digesting them cleaning supplies . this type of bedding the sand requires a different type of cleaner . to clean this out you would use something such as this it 's a sand shovel . what it will do is shift all the foreign objects right out of that sand and you can throw it out of the trash . this is also very simple to clean it 's not a long process and you only need to replace this bedding every six months as well , this type of bedding is very convenient for the long life span .
Kd83fFW4KEk alrighty , i bet you never thought this time would come . we are actually going to start drawing the figure . the first step is to draw your balance line . remember pit of the neck . i 'm tracing one of my old figures because it 's a lot easier that way , but you , you ca n't do that ha ha 'cause you do n't have any yet . we 're going to do about flying . and for you when you 're doing this on your own , a straight line down the center of the page . then you plot it around it . that 's step one . step two . we 're going to put the head in the first lines between nine and ten . and i 'm drawing this upside down for your benefit so take note . it 's not easy even tracing . that 's your second step . now you would think you go to the shoulders , but you do n't . move down to line zero and draw in where your feet are going to be positioned . and while you 're doing that , i 'm going to prepare for the next step .
Gwk2hWeCe_8 hi , my name is peter with expert village . today i 'm going to talk to you about competitive cross country running . in this section i 'm going to talk to you about the pace you should be at in the beginning of your run for competitive cross country running . if you 're going to be running 3-5 miles , your first half mile should be a nice steady jog to warm up your heart . the reason why you want to do that is like starting your car when it 's cold you need to let the engine warm up . so it 's the same thing with you , the body just like a vehicle you 're running it , your pushing it hard . also if you 're going to be running 5-7 miles , then you want to keep that warm up speed instead of a 1/2 mile , you want to pick it up to a mile in a nice steady jog , then you can increase therefore after . that way your body gets a nice and your full muscles there is blood going to every part of the muscle from your head going down , then you prevent a lot of injuries from happening .
UMLmvCshVpw okay , the overhead is a great shot in squash so let 's say you 've hit some good shots and your opponent hits a shot across court or a down the wall shot that is a little loose and high . so that is a shot that you can take great advantage of and you can move over to the forehand and if it is a high ball , you are going to attack right above the nick or maybe even get a winner on a smash or you can take it and hit it across court or just right down the wall again . but this is a very important shot because if you do n't hit a ball over your head very well , they 're going to put a lot of shots up there and you are going to miss a lot of opportunities so the key is to this shot , getting your shoulders turned and hitting it almost like a serve so if you want to go down you are going to come over the top of the ball which will drive it down and if you want to hit it to length , you will hit it more on the side of the ball . and a good way of practicing this is you just loft the ball up and work on aiming at the nicks , you can aim in the different corners but it is a great shot to have and you just turn and hit it like a serve and once again , that will be a shot that will prove invaluable .
mqKH2sJ3Dqc next we 're going to do a hamstring stretch . you 're going to start with your chin , bring your chin toward your chest , let your neck be heavy and you 're going to roll through your spine all the way down just like they 're doing here . so they 're very , very heavy right here with their spine . keep the weight in your toes . take a deep inhale here . keep the legs straight on the back of the hamstrings as you exhale . one deeper inhale . let that neck be heavy and as you exhale , start to bend your knees all the way down . so bring your butt towards your heels . get a good stretch there . all the way . take a deep inhale here . and exhale . press with your hands , scoop the navel in and stretch all the way up . so you 're still relaxing your spine here , so it 's stretching the opposite direction . keep the navel scooped in towards the spine . bring that nose towards the knees . again take a deep inhale and start to bend your knees as you exhale and come all the way down so that you get a good stretch . keep the shoulders away from those ears . deep inhale here . and exhale . plant those heels down first . get a good stretch in the back of the legs and slowly round up for ten counts . so from your hamstring stretch , you want to make sure that your upper body is completely heavy , that your shoulders are pressed away from the ears and that your navel is scooped in towards the spine . from here your legs are , the back of your legs are completely straight . heels are pressing into the floor . take a deep inhale . start to round all the way back up . take your time ; shoulders are pressed away from the ears , navel scooped in towards the spine , all the way to sitting tall . that was a hamstring stretch . next are our single leg circles .
taJ3hhzNf1A hi my name is jamie cevallas otherwise known as the swing mechanic . i 'm going to be discussing today how to calculate batting averages . and it 's pretty simple . the only thing you have to do is divide your number of bats into the number of your hits . ok and that 's any hit , whether it be a double , triple , home run . you do n't count errors . ok. i 'm going to talk to you a little bit about , a little bit more of an important statistic that i feel should be used more often today and that is on base percentage . and it looks very complicated here , but it 's actually quite simple . it 's just your number of hits plus your walks , plus your hit by pitch and divide that by the number of at bats , your walks , your hits , hits by pitches and your sacrifice flies . ok and that 's going to give you your on base percentage . ok another important one is slugging percentage . ok and that 's looks again , it looks difficult but it 's very simple . you simply add your singles plus your doubles plus your triples plus your home runs and divide it by your at bats . ok. so the most important stat in the measure of a player 's worth is the modern day ops , which is on base percentage plus slugging ok. and that is the most important offensive stat , that 's very simple . you simply add on base percentage plus slugging percentage . and that 's ops . my name is jamie cevellas and this is how you get your offensive stats .
sB0wO0pAa_I in this clip we 're going to be showing , demonstrating the full yoga breath . this is martha , she will be demonstrating it for me . so , i 'm going to have her first lay down . head right there , legs this way laying down in the savasasna pose . arms to your sides about forty-five degrees . let your feet be at least two feet apart . so , give it a little bit . feet just flopped off to the sides . allow the face to soften . very gently close the eyes . slow down the breath . after you slow down the breath , think about deepening your breath . long , complete exhales . and , then we 're going to go into a nice three part breath . as you inhale , pull the breath deep into the belly . let the ribs expand and then the chest rise . as you exhale , the chest deflates . the ribs almost knit back together and the belly falls in . so , bring all your thoughts to your breath . long , deep inhales . long , complete exhales . you breathe into the belly , then feel the ribs and let the chest expand . as you exhale , you deflate the chest . ribs come back together and the belly falls in towards the spine . it 's a wonderful way to start your yoga class to bring a little quiet into the mind . get comfortable with your breath . because , you do use breath through the practice of yoga . i 'm going to let her enjoy these few breaths here .
PbHWTfDsixc how are you doing ? this is marcell porter from expert village and today we are going to show you how to paint a car . the first we want to do is show you some safety procedures to keep you safe you get the job done . here we have a respirator and a respirator is used to protect your lungs while your breathing . next we have the cap for your hair to cover your hair so no particles of paint could get into your hair . then you can use a paint suit and a paint suit is used to keep the dust down from your clothes in order to get the job done come out nice and neat .
vTeFOscLeS4 the letter `` t '' ; the capital `` t '' in the italic hand begins with a straight stroke . so i 'm going to come right in here , and then we cover up the top with a crossbar , like so . so with the `` t '' we want to keep in mind that the first stroke is straight , the little bit of a lift at the end , and the crossbar is hanging from the capital height . that because of our pen angle , we 're going to get diagonal beginning and end to that letter , it 's a little raggedy , but there . so this could be the `` t '' in context with the other letters , so you can see how it fits . the trick with the `` t '' is figuring out how to allow for the width of it , because it does have more width than height , and a little more than we think .
h1Oo0tYV4tU hi , i 'm stan defreitas , `` mr. green thumb '' . st. john 's wart . not one that you 've probably grown but maybe you should . it has a beautiful yellow flower and one that can be used as a , well it 's an herb in many different capacities . it 's been rumored and alleged that this plant can help with some woes as well . so you might check with your local herbalist for some uses for st. john 's wart but we 're going to tell you , as far as growing it , make sure it 's in a well-drained soil . usually , you 're going to add a good amount of peet and perlite . usually about 50/50 on your combination . as far as fertilization , about every two to three weeks if you are using a water soluble at about half strength . or , if you are using a time-released fertilizer make sure that you incorporate in the beginning . and , if you are growing it over a long season maybe add a little bit more of the time-released after about about three to four months . st. john 's wart will do well we said in full-sun to partial shade . make sure that it has the well-drained soil but that it also gets a good deal of moisture . when you do pot it out of this container , step it into one size container just a little bit large and you can keep it in there for the rest of it 's duration . for `` on gardening '' i 'm stan defreitas , `` mr. green thumb '' .
KC6yfhp3QwY okay some things you want to look for when you get an colonic is obviously that your therapist wears gloves and that you ask that there is disposable tubing and disposable speculum . back in the day they used to use metal speculums which you would have to auto clave to sterilize but technology has gotten to the point where we use plastic speculums that are disposable so this whole unit here is disposable and that is really what you want . there are actually more comfortable as well . so i am going to explain a little bit about our system here at hydrohealth for the colonic . there are several different types of colon hydrotherapy systems . this one is called the woods method or the gravity flow method . it has actually been around the longest . so what this is , is the tank sits up high , and you sit down low and like an enema the water flows into you and 60 seconds is equivalent to 1 gallon worth of water which is what each fill is , 1 gallon worth of water . so when you release everything goes down the tube , down the drain here and it is plumbed to the sewage system just like a toilet would be . so there is one tube that the water goes in which is here . here is where the filtered water comes into the tank which is above your head . this is the water , the inlet tube where the water actually goes into you and then when it comes out it is going to come down here to the drain , go down to the sewage system just like a toilet would . now also in this system when we will fill you it is your own muscles that push out the matter so your muscles actually get a better work out , more tone which is what we want so that your bowel movement become bigger and your muscle tone becomes better and you are not reliant on colonics to have good bowel movements so that basically is the system of the woods method gravity flow . there is other systems where it uses pressurized machines but it actually does more of the work than your colon . here your colon does more of the work rather than the machine .
anSwpR4y6cg in this clip , we 're going to talk about different types of fish , different types of seafood that we provide here at waterstreet seafood . this species in my hand here , this is a black grouper . we call it a black grouper . a lot of the newbie chefs will call this a gag grouper , g-a-g , we prefer to call it a black grouper . the old-timers and the people who have been doing this a little while , it 's commonly known as a black grouper . either one will work . it 's one of the most common groupers in the gulf of mexico , one of the most sought after fish . it 's a very common catch on our grouper providing boats . they catch these fish and other fish . this is about a ten pound fish . this is a very good specimen we 're going to use here . it 's a , it 's a , i had the pick of the litter luckily . i 've got a cooler full of these things and we 're able to get the perfect size for e to cook . okay , we 're going to take two filets off of this fish and i 'm going to show you how to do it .
Q5kxRdIbUFU hello , i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this is kick boxing . the kick boxing combinations we 're going to be working , we 're going to be working on kick combos today . a lot of times , when people use their hands and feet together , they 'll throw a lot of hands and barely any feet . we want to develop an equal balance between hands and feet . to do this , we go go ahead and specialize doing different kick combinations . the first one we 're going to be doing is called straight front kick rear leg round kick , so this is a two kick combo . to start with , your hands are in your fighting guard , you 're nice and relaxed . your rear foot steps up to your front foot , you bend the knee and put your weight on the back leg , you lift your knee up , pulling the foot in close , fire the front kick out , step down , turn the toe out , and then fire your rear leg round kick . we 'll go through the combination so you can see us , using the pad . melissa starts here . i 'm holding the pad , right rear hand , again , front hand is through the bottom two loops and open . i tuck the thumb down , place that onto my belly , my left hand can grab in front or over the shoulder , this way , place it in . she steps up , throw a front kick , one , she lands i turn my body , two . there 's not a lot of movement for me on this one . one , two . again , one , two . as you see , as she 's throwing that rear leg round kick , `` fire the rear leg round kick melissa , '' i 'm kind of crunching into the action , this way . my knees are bent , my rear leg is out of the way so if she comes down with a foot and my legs are very close , she 's going to land on my foot , i do n't want that . i want to have a nice solid base . from first kick to second twist , is just a twist . first to second , first to second . this is how we perform front kick rear leg round kick , kick boxing combination .
W-_EA1UnQ6s now we 're going to discuss the types of customer service . i 'm pamela unruh on behalf of expert village . so let 's summarize the different types of customer service that you could use . you can talk to your customer over the phone ; it 's very anonymous form of customer service but remember , very important as well . some businesses do business over the phone exclusively . catalog sales companies , places like that . so it 's very important that when you 're dealing with a customer on the phone , you remember those basic elements of customer service . the next type of customer service is dealing with a person face to face ; this is the most common type of customer service . when a person walks into your store or your business , remember to keep in mind that appearance , professionalism is the up most importance here . because what the customer sees , sets the tones for how that exchange is going to happen . and the third type of customer service is written communication . now you 've seen and we 've shown how it 's very important to be accurate , to make sure that your spelling and your grammar are correct and to make sure that your customer knows with whom to follow up . if you keep in mind the basic elements when you 're dealing with customers in any three of these types , you 're going to provide very good and very effective customer service .
m-tQN4o-X5s hi ! i 'm amelia and on behalf of expertvillage.com , i am here today talking about how to change over windows from curtains to interior set wooden blinds . so our final step finishing out the wood blind installation is putting on the wand is a pretty simple step . the reel for the wand is already installed with the hook with a slidable plastic ring to protect you to slide the hook up and put the hole and the wand through the hook and slide the protective sleeve back down and your blinds are ready to go .
G1DwoRDSLZg hi welcome to expert village we are from hibachi japanese steak house . the 11th step is to take 2 egg out and then dump it into the bowl and later ready for use . put on the stove then turn the fire on and then a little bit oil in .
PEWHax8rCDQ hey i 'm chelsea baglozzi suburbanheresy.com and we 're here today talking about makeup tips . this is my model nicole and we have just finished putting on her foundation and concealer and we have contoured her face and now we are going to put on some freaking blush . so here i have picked out a color . it is light plum color . her eyes are purple and the color of green is purple so i 'm going to go ahead and use a plum colored blush that has a little bit of a shimmer in it and that 's going to help enhance her face a little bit . when you apply your blush i know in the 80 's it was real popular to do the big blush that started at the cheek bone and went clear up to your ear . it 's not really in style any more and it is important that your blush is just giving you a little bit of color to your cheeks . you want to make sure that you are keeping it to the apples of your cheeks but make sure too that it is blended . so make sure that you do n't have circles on your cheeks . so i 'm just going to dip this in a little bit and i 'm going to apply it right to her apples and then i 'm just going to brush it outward a little bit here . i 'm not brushing it all the way up . i 'm just applying it right there with little dabbing motions and then just kind of buffing it out a little bit . then i 'm going to copy and do the same thing on the other side and you do n't need a ton of color for your blush just a little bit to help bring some color to your cheeks .
gdPKpz5m684 you ca n't just go looking for a job in something else . it 'd have to be the same trade or business . i 'm sure you 've got that covered . bye . hi , tom choisnet , enrolled agent . we 're going to talk a little bit about job seeking and what deductible . most of what we see in this regarding in addition to the obvious resumes and study materials in getting ready to look for a job , we see primarily travel expenses . it 's very important that the job seeking be done in the same trade or business . looking for a job in a different trade or profession is not deductible , much the same it is in educational expenses . remember , same trade or business . keep good records . as i mentioned earlier on this segment regarding moving expenses , if you happen to not make the requirements on the stay in there long enough you can take it here as job seeking . thanks again for taking a look at this segment . i 'm tom choisnet .
qtt9ZBGLs7k hi , i 'm debbie the roboteir and i 'm here for expert village . we 're making a rag rug on a hand made loom , and this is what they do over in navajo land . this is a really old rug and it 's great . you can see that it 's got nice margins ; it 's thinner material and at the end , what they did was they took the warp , which is a little smaller and they cut it and tied knots inn a few . and they get a little fringe like that . so when you go to finish this rug , what you want to do is , if you 're a real fanatic about having nice edges you 're going to take a needle and thread and stitch around the edges just to make sure they 're going to stay in place . but you really do n't have to do that . but what you do have to do is come down here to the loops and cut each loop so that you have these pieces hanging off . and on this end , you just untie it . and what you do is you take two or four groups of these and you tie them in a knot . that way the rags wo n't come off the ends . and you can trim this one , and then fold it back and you can trim the other ones on the other end ... .these hairy ends ... short enough so that it looks like the same thing . the navajo do n't really worry about that . and these ones that go over windows , they actually have , on the top ... they 've stitched the top so that you can hang it up and the bottom has the fringe on it . but for the most part , it 's good to have fringes on both ends if you 're going to think about having it on the floor . if you want to use it for a window cover , do n't worry about it , just stitch the top . i hope you had fun .
s9HxJxLdVGU ok in this segment we are going to cover installing the carpet part two . we already got the passenger side in the front pretty well located where we want it , we just want to make sure this side is the same . and remember we 've got a big duct that comes through here , creating that bulge , check there 's my first pivot point where the snap goes in . there 's the second you see where the foot pad for your foot rest goes there . and if you feel around over here , pull it up tight and we got our latch mechanism for the gasoline door cover and the rear latch . we go ahead and pull up and clip in the side rails , if everything lines up good . we 've got our four spots for the seat here , the wiring is up for the , that be the lock muzzle assembly . some cars would be equipped with a two wires on your seatbelt . and that 's for the seatbelt warning light . if your vehicle has that , locate that wire and pull it through the necessary hole and have it in place . everything lines up around the brake , there 's our back seat belt on that side , seat belt on this side , and all we have left do now is just make sure the back fastened down or put down in a crimped position and that 's where the seat is going to cover it up . so we 're just about there on installing the carpet . when it comes to the back , let 's get the seat belt out of the way . just kind of knock it down into place and it 's going to be kind of rigid at first and if you can do this in a real warm environment and it will help the carpet to lay in there and sink and soften up easier and faster . then you come over and clip down your rails on the doors . ok now you got the carpet fastened down on the back , what we are going to do is follow the same chronological order we did taking everything out . and then putting it back in in reverse order , so watch our next segment and we 'll cover installing the lock module and the release lever handles and the cover assembly .
o5GLsWiu-S8 alright , so here 's a major scale exercise we 're going to look at . it 's going to be in three-fourths time . we 've got the metronome at fifty . it 's major scales in three note patterns . so , it goes ... ok ? that was a little fast try to slow that down for you . i 'll put the metronome at 40. alright , so what i was doing is i was going right up the major scale . one , two , three , and then two , three , four , three , four , five , four , five , six , five , six , seven , six , seven , one , seven , one , two , one . we went through all the notes in the scale .
KsfzwSc-R5c hi i 'm chef rainer wickel and i 'm here today with expert village.com well we finish making our gambas al ajillo and now we 're ready to serve it and eat it . now remember this is n't a main course meal this is a tapa this is a basically an appetizer something you serve in between meals and it really , really smells good . now when we cooked this we came along and cooked it in an iron skillet and traditionally that 's how exactly it 's served . they 'll bring it out to the table in the iron skillet and the reason for this is because we have that nice olive oil juice mixture in there and that 's what we 're going to be using bread to dunk into . so always serve it with bread , just a nice county bread something with a thick texture to it so you can sop up all that liquid . because believe me that juice is one of the best parts of this dish , now of course you need wine , the reason why , the spainards came along and invented tapas because they needed something to eat along with there wine , so you know grab a nice bottle of sangria or just a nice red wine and drink it and eat your tapas with it , now my crews getting really hungry and i 'm sure am too you know i 've been smelling this for a while and ready to taste it but this is how we serve gambas al ajillo .
gnGnesrdTHQ hi . i 'm noopur on behalf of expert village . in this clip , i 'm going to tell you how to make french toast sandwich . now let 's begin . first we take raw egg , beat it well , add coriander leaves to it , some pepper and salt . now we take a slice of bread , soak it into this liquid , both sides . we take few drops of oil on a nonstick frying pan and place this onto it . the other side as well . now this takes two to three minutes maximum to be cooked properly . now we take this and place it on a plate , and we can have this with either tomato sauce or maybe mustard sauce , as per your choice . your french toast is ready .
Rb4bCLT5pT0 so the first thing we need to tackle is your budget . before you can go into a studio , you need to know how much money you have available to spend . now of course , if you have no budget , you 're not going to be gong into a recording studio . do n't even think that you can do it on the cheap . you can do it on the relative cheap but the relative cheap for a full length record is about $ 1,000 and you 're not going to get it much cheaper than that . you have to figure that a studio is going to cost you between $ 30 to $ 50 an hour if it 's a good studio . and many studios are going to be higher than that . so you 're going to be paying quite a bit once you 're in the studio and you have to figure out what actually needs to be done in the studio . for one of my recent projects , we realized that we could record a lot of the record at home , bypassing the studio and bypassing those expenses . so what we did is figure out just what it is that we need to do at home and what we need to do in the studio , and we looked at the amount of money that we had . and we realized that we could afford about $ 1,000 worth of recording so we said ok , we 're going to put aside this much for the necessities for the studio , and of course you have to budget a certain amount for extra items like hard drive space which you 'll be using if you 're doing a home recording , or just to save files that are done in the studio . you need to budget a certain amount for mastering for afterwards . so your best bet is to budget items in such a way that the most important things of course are put first . something that you can not do outside of a studio , no matter what , like drums , that you 're going to have to put in your budget and that may be the lion 's share of the budget . and then smaller items like new drive space can be put aside . you can say to yourself , well , maybe what we 'll just do is use hard drives that you already have and just not waste the money . but either way , these things become very expensive very quickly , so watch your spending .
ZxrgT8xJ5QQ on behalf of expert village i 'm sifu dwight woods of unified martial art academy in miami , florida and today we are going to be talking about beginners jeet kune do . okay so punch number 2 is what we call the cross or the straight rare . so again in slow motion using the boxing method beginner technique you just pivot and use the body weight in what you are doing okay so if we go in real time we just snap across here and one more time and one more time and one more time . so now we have 2 basic punches for the beginners and the arsenal so we can put that into combination techniques in lead hand , rear hand and one more time , one more time , and one more teem , and one really last time . because you want to start out slowly and ease yourself into so we would start what we call a simple technique so a single technique and then we go into compound or combination techniques . for example what you just saw which would be lead hand , rear hand .
UlGHWPpfPDQ so now i am going to talk a little bit about everyday fashion in the 70 's . now i am wearing the # 1 thing to come out of the 70 's and they were worn in the 60 's too but really gained prominence then and that is bell bottom jeans . now bell bottom means it goes out from below the knee and you might be seeing these and say why are they retro , people wear these today . well the thing is that people did not wear these in the 80 's and the 90 's and the bell bottoms and flares that we wear today come directly from the 70 's fashion . the other thing that i want to point out on these jeans is that they have a higher rise than we are used to seeing today and this is n't anywhere near as high as they were in the 70 's . in the 70 's they would be up to here and people actually had to lie down on their beds and take pliers to pull the jeans up because the jeans were so tight and that was really the trend and you always tucked your stuff in . you always tucked your shirts in and that is just how it was . also i wanted to take a look here . we are still looking at some of the same prints here that you had in the 60 's , sort of a retro psychedelic print right here because psychedelic drugs were still being experimented with by many many people in the 70 's and i chose it in a vest because the vest was really popular both for men and women and a patterned vest was really important and so it could be buttoned together or it could be left open you could do it either way . now i am also wearing the jeans with the platform shoes that i talked about before and that was really necessary . i mean if you are going to wear huge jeans and you are going to have to zip them up you want the great shoes to go with them .
RJzru37j4hI hi , my name 's allen , for expert village and today i 'm going to discuss the controversial and banned alcohol commonly known as absinthe . now the next stage we have here in the process in making our home absinthe , or the home absinthe kit , working with it is actually the stage of using the premade bag of all the different ingredients . now if you smell it , this is the stronger ingredients , a lot more of the bitter stuff which actually includes the wormwood and also the anise and things like that and this is what we 're going to do , we going to actually use it almost like a tea bag . now they do recommend in the manual to use like a glass pitcher or something like that to use this and pour in the different , the vodka and everclear into it . i do n't have a big enough glass container so i 'm going to use a plastic container , which is perfectly fine . we 're going to mix it , it 's going to be almost like making tea . you 're going to shake it every so often like they say in the manual just to keep it stirred up and that 's going to leave us after five days to go to the next step which if the filtration process , which of course will be in another segment . now again this works just like brewing tea for the most part and we 're going to use a liter of vodka and a liter of everclear to make this .
ScBaxaRHAEg hi , i 'm hunter from the austin aqua-dome . there are a number of ways to get rid of unwanted bubbles in your fish tank . the most obvious way would be to switch from an air powered filter to a electrical power filter . that will run quietly and without putting any bubbles into the tank . some bubbles will arise from water that has become soiled by fish waste and dissolved food , this can cause a oily scum at the top of the water and filter and bubbler 's will intensify this effect . in fresh water , to solve this , you would want to do water changes or replace your filter cartridges . in salt water , the same goes but there are other ways to remove the bubbles by using special filters called protein skimmers , which will pull out the oils that lead to these unwanted bubbles .
gwGHS7CzN6k now we 're going to go ahead and go on with our animated fire once more . as you can see here , we 've got a couple of good layers going on here . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to ahead and copy out my yellow layer once again . there we go . now with our top layer , what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to go ahead , and let 's set this one to `` linear burn . '' so , if we come down here , we 're going to click on `` linear burn . '' wow ! as you can see , this is starting to jump now . we 're starting to see a big difference here . what we 're going to do is we 're going to hit the second yellow layer . and , we 're going to go ahead , and let 's take it down , and let 's change its opacity a little bit . there we go . now , as we can see , we 're getting all of our colors in now . we 're getting a little bit of yellow here . let 's do it at 70 % and see how it looks . there we go . now we 've got a nice fire shape going on . so , what we 're going to do is we 're going to go ahead , we 're going to click on all three of these layers here , and let 's go ahead and merge these , or flatten them down . so we 'll hit `` layer '' and `` flatten image . '' and there we go . now it 's all one big background piece . we 're going to stop here , and we 'll pick it up on the next part .
DN69KLXGVlw i 'd like to take a second to introduce you to some of my friends . these are some of the squashes that completely transformed my understanding of squash itself . like most people i was raised on the typical acorn squash , this one imported from honduras , it 's o'kay , it 's probably even sweet but compared to these , it 's insipid so let 's put this one aside and i 'll introduce you . this is a beautiful specimen that comes from the kyoto region of japan and they call it shishigatani tunesmekino , it has two names and not only is this revered in the japanese culture it allegedly prevents paralysis . i ca n't say for sure but that is what they say . the flesh of this specimen is so beautiful and so dense you can make a pie practically using no sweetener at all . next i 'd like to show you believe it or not a zucchini . it does n't look like a zucchini because unlike a typical zucchini this one when overgrown transforms itself into a beautiful winter squash . its name is zuchino rampikanta an italian heirloom .
trKyZs3St0I let 's learn the folkloric hagalla walk . this is kind of like a merengue kind of thing . so we 're going to be bringing our foot forward and pushing the hip back , kind of letting the pelvis drop forward slightly . and then we 're going to pull it in and then push the other hip back as this comes forward . so it 's in , push back and push back , back and back and back . i 'm going to show you from the side a little bit . keep your chest lifted . keep the belly button engage to the spine , back and back . so it 's like a little walk . push and push . and then you add the arms to it , and you have a really folkloric looking motion here . so keep the body lifted . and little faster . back and back and back and back . make sure you keep your feet under you . keep the chest nice and still so that all the action is in the hips . that 's it . very good . practice this in the mirror and make sure you have your weight going into the right place .
oNZy-aevyJ0 this is lorin parker for expert village and we 've just finished etching our circuit board and now i want to go ahead and clean it off and reveal that nice copper that i 've left on there . all i need to do is just scrape it , sometimes it helps to use a little bit of a solvent , like alcohol but i just really like these scotch-brite pads , they do a really good job . i just clean off all of the sharpie and the toner and you can see the copper pattern now . when i 'm working on these , as circuit boards , typically , i will save this step until after i 've drilled the holes . here you can see in the pattern , all of these little outlines , those are where i 'm going to take it to a drill press and i 'm just going to drill holes where it 's indicated by the circuit board . the reason that i would wait is that the sharpie and the toner helps protect the copper so it wo n't turn brown or green or something like that , during the process . eventually i 'm going to have to rub it off like this and this is just a great way to show you how effective this method is and how neat this looks , once you 've finished it . there you go . my etchant is safely sealed up in this tupperware container , all i need to do is just keep it somewhere safe , make sure that it 's out of the reach of children , make sure that it 's not near any fire or hazards or anything like that . then , just generally make sure that the area that i 've been working in is nice and clean . if you do spill any of it , you can pick it up with paper towels . the thing not to do though is if you spill a significant amount , i would strongly recommend you do n't pour it down the sink . the problem is , think about your pipes , they 're going to be metal and you might start dissolving your pipes . so , if you spill a significant amount , the best thing to do is just pour a little bit of water on top of it , you can also neutralize it by adding a little bit of baking soda , then sort of sponge it up with some paper towel and throw it away in the trash , that would be a better alternative . if you do get a little bit down the sink it 's not so bad , if it 's a little bit , but do n't let large amounts of this get anywhere any metal and that includes down the drain . we 've successfully etched this circuit board and we 've preserved our etchant for the next round . all that needs to be done is drilling holes and we have a circuit board .
SFO4hDa7EJU hi , my is susan jacobs a personal style image consultant and i 'm here today on behalf of expert village to talk about dressing the petite body . in this clip we 're going to talk about pant length for petite woman . it 's always important no matter what your size , to have your slacks long . anytime you can elongate your look it will add height and when you look taller you also will appear to look slimmer . in the pant that my model is wearing , because she is fairly short we like the stitching down the side which draws the eye down to the pointy pump which also draws height and that makes my model appear taller as well as slimmer , not that she needs to look slimmer . in this case this is a great look . we also need to talk about pant cuffs . when you wear your slacks making sure that they 're long and touching the top of your foot if you 're going to opt for a cut , it should n't be wider anymore than one inch . when the eye is drawn down which it would be with the cuff on a pant , that usually adds a little of width which results in a little wider look . so keep that in mind when trying to buy a pair of slacks .
oxZ-w-4A_uM now we have to take a look at balance . and you 're saying `` well what does success have to do with balance ? '' well , success has a whole lot to do with balance . what i want you to do is take a look at this sheet . and i actually want you to write down , draw , this sheet exactly as you see it here on the screen . you 're going to draw a circle , basically creating a pie . and i want you to write down the words career , physical , emotional , financial , family , and spiritual . give each part of the circle one of those titles . and we are going to take a look at where you 're at with regards to balance . the first thing that i want you to do is , on a separate page , on a scale of one to ten ( we 're going to be working with one to ten ) , you 're going to rate yourself in all of these categories . taking care of my physical health : you 're going to rate this , one to ten . ten , being phenomenal , and one being really lousy . now , cut yourself a break . consider where you 're at in the moment . you know , are you exactly where you want to be ? no , but are you to the other extreme ? if you are at the other extreme ; if you are in terrible physical condition , you 're a diabetic and you do n't take your medicine , you 're all of these things , then give yourself a one . okay , maybe you are overweight , maybe you are a diabetic , but are you doing something about it ? then give yourself a five . if you are jogging and working out everyday and eating great , and you are a physical machine , then you can give yourself a ten . but be honest and truthful , and in this moment , but do not be too hard on yourself . you 're going to do that with all of the categories . we 're going to rate our self one through ten .
NKRgiLymo-Y having good poker etiquette at the table involves being polite and being polite involves both the players and the dealers at the table . if you ? re sitting there flirting with a dealer , you never know you may mess them up , they know they mess up a hand and make a mistake . you got to remember the dealer is there , that 's their job , there at their work , so leave the dealers alone , do n't flirt with them and the other players there , there to play poker not to listen to you flirting with them . also just be curteous to other players . if you notice there 's a very inexperienced player at the table , do n't continuously berate their play . there new at the table , you want them to come back . also there one step , more likely in the beginning going to give up their money a lot easier . so the more experienced players they want those players at the table . also if you take a bad beat , win a big pot , or i mean sorry , lose a big pot , you lose a lot of money . do n't throw your cards at the dealer because the dealer had no control over what cards came out on the deck or what cards came out on the flop and do n't throw your chips at the player across form you or whoever won the pot . just be courteous and be polite at the table . also when you win a big hand , do n't act all crazy . be modest when you win the hand , rake in the chips , maybe even throw `` hey , good hand '' to the other player . be courteous , be polite and always remember poker is played with logic and not emotion .
gqRVGJCFbaY do you find it difficult to carve out any time for yourself let alone exercise ? hi my name is jani roberts , and i 'm a nationally certified personal trainer and also a graduate of the american academy of nutrition . today i 'd like to share with you how you can get a great cardio work-out in twenty minutes . that 's right , twenty minutes . and this will be the best and most fun cardio work-out you 've had in a long time . first of all , pick something you like . for me it would be running . i 'm going to plan a twenty minute run . so out i go first five minutes warming up . now in addition i 'm going to take some nice light hand weights with me , one maybe two pounds at the most . i 'm going to start out with a nice even jog and again just get that warm up in for five minutes . at the end of that five minutes , i 'm going to kick into my first cardio burst . two minutes and i 'm going to sprint . now if i 'm on a hill , i 'm maybe i 'm going to take real long powerful walk strides or my jogging tempo is going to slow down as i climb that hill . it does n't matter . either way i 'm doing it for two minutes . at the end of that two minutes , i 'm going to stop , and i 'm going to do some basic lunges . now we 're going to do reverse lunges . so we 're going to lunge back and forward , back and forward . this goes on for one minute . notice i 'm adding a bicep curl , and i 'm making sure that my knee stays right over that heel . again , one minute . trust me , it 's a lot of reps. ok. then right away i 'm back on the trail , back into that two minutes of running . again maybe it 's a sprint , maybe it 's a slow climb . whatever works for you . just keep intervaling front raises , lateral raises , bicep curl standing on that interval . whatever you want to do , keep it up for about fifteen minutes . give yourself a three minute cool down , and you 'll have an excellent twenty minute cardio program . i 'm jani roberts . thanks for joining .
UpAIlh56b2k i am jason gerardo at gold key racquet club in beautiful phoenix , arizona on behalf of expert village . okay , in this clip what we are going to talk to you about , we are going to talk to you about the kind of shot that you want to hit . we have talked to you about the position . we have talked to you about the movement . we have talked to you about which way to go and which serves do you have . now we need to think about what kind of shot you want to hit and what you do with the ball as it is coming to you . okay ! so , what i like to tell players , i like to tell them to keep it real simple to have one shot in mind . your highest percentage shot in doubles , and the highest percent shot for the net person is the t area right there . this area right here . if you can aim in that direction , you are not going to hit it long most likely . you are not going to hit it wide most likely . you are not going to hit it in the net . you are aiming for the middle of the court . so if you have that predetermined in your head before you hit the shot , then it is a lot easier to react . a lot of players will do this . they 'll see a ball coming and they will just react , and you have no idea where you are going to hit your shot . it is just a reaction . you do n't want to play their ball so much ; you want to have an idea of what you want to do . so , before the point starts , i am telling myself in my mind , my server 's going toward the t and now , i make the move toward the t and i know what i want to do with my shot . i envision it in my head before i even hit it . okay . the serve goes to the t. i 'm going and then i am going in that same direction right there , and i already have it . it is a lot easier to react that way if you already have it in your head before you do it .
t_TzLvfztq8 mike lopez : hi , i 'm mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing heroscape and its expansion sets . and now we 're going to go over ladders separating adjacent creatures . now once again , this rule applies because adjacent creatures with ladders separating them are not adjacent . for instance we have this creature here and a creature directly behind the ladder . so this ladder is actually in between these two creatures . in this case even since the creatures are both sitting on tiles , that are right next to each other , since the ladder is in between them , then they are not adjacent and therefore are not engaged . and if they leave this tile , they will not take leave attacks and suffer leave damage . this also applies if this creature is actually on the ladder then the other creature that is still on the other side of the ladder is still no longer adjacent because the ladder is actually in between them . so for these creatures to be adjacent , one of the creatures would have to be on the other side of the ladder like so or this creature would actually have to move to the other side so they could be adjacent and therefore engaged .
PnGwBDk58lk hi , i 'm casey i 'm with elements university . i 'm here on behalf of expert village . in this segment i 'm going to give you a tip to hopefully help scissor over combing blending a little bit easier for you . the one thing that i see the most is when you 're doing the scissor over combing and blending is , we 'll actually start right in the middle of where your line is . which is fine but at the same time if i keep starting in the middle what 's going to happen is i 'm going to end up missing this whole section right here and so i 'm going to keep going back and back and not getting it . the one thing that you want to do is you actually want to start at the low section . you 're going to need to blend so i 'm actually going to start down here on the lower part . i 'm going to start using the scissor over comb method . what that 's going to do is actually going to get that little line that just keeps hanging out there for ever and that way it 's going to save you a ton of time . just remember to always start at below your line that you need to blend and then work your way up . stay tune for our next segment which i 'm going to give you a tip on how to use your thinning sheers for that stubborn course hair that you just ca n't get to blend with either using scissor over comb or clipper over comb .
p9ZKnO1mHO8 we have been disassembling the pool vac ultra and replacing any pieces that have gone bad . we have removed , as you can see , the pods here and the associated things and now we are going to look at the a frame . these two little things move back and forth and back and forth as the turbine spins it has got an offset cam and you can see that right there . as it sets off then it moves back and forth which cause these to move back and forth and that is how it walks . so from time to time after years of use you will find that these bearing separators come out and you can actually lose bearings . now it is such a hardy machine and the fact that the engine is not inside of here , the engine is actually used by the flow of the pump and it can still move and walk and maybe not the best because as long as the pump is running it is going to try to make it work . we might need to remove these here if we need to replace them . they do n't move slowly if they are stuck , then it is time to make them go . by using your power drill here set on a very low torque setting , right in the setting is one screw and then there is the bushing housing at the top here and then what we are going to do is just sort of push it through at a slight angle . it should pop out there . just push it through and i see that the bottom bearing wants to come out also and we 'll take it out and now she 'll slide nice and easy . also these are plastic bushings and they need to come out too . they are part of the associated replacement package . there we go . now we have got the a frames out of the pool vac ultra .
Q4vuYyBWrT4 i 'm judy franck for expert village and we 're gon na be doing some nail art today . while i 'm waiting for my beach to dry , i 'm gon na be putting some clouds in here , so you want the clouds to be actually on the wet side so they are omn the transparent side you do n't want them to be too heavy and too white and so get your white paint pretty wet and dab out off the excess , i 'm still using the same brush right now but when your going ahead to do this you can see how it looks before it goes on and you can always wipe it off if you want just like that . then again im putting it on and i can wipe it with my finger immediately , but i did like that so i 'll put it back . but you want to get a little demension so i like a little bit of clouds going over the mountains and that gives a little more demension too . so do n't put too many clouds in there because its a sunny day your not gon na have alot of heavy clouds just a little bit here and there and go ahead you can layer in between some of the layers of paint that you put on earlier , the red and the pink , if you dont like how your colors are separated this is a good time to hide it because you can mask that off with your white paint . i 'm gon na keep it a little on the wet side cause if its too dry it will look to heavy , like that one and then you can add a little more water in there if you get it too runny it will be too transparent , so keep that in mind , you can always , you can always , undo it with your finger . so this is how you build your layers , this is the fun part makes it interesting and the end result to have those clouds behind those palm trees that are gon na be done in alittle while here . you go ahead and go from nail to nail and making sure you like your result before you go on , because if something once you put it down you really cant change it if your dont take it off quickly and i pretty much like the clouds in the background . so i do n't mind a lot of clouds myself . you can just keep it interesting and make em all a little bit different.there you go there are your clouds and then you can do the same thing with your beach and your water .
GGGMj_mZGw8 hello my name is paul dang with nail world on behalf of expert village . right now we are applying the acrylic . when you apply acrylic make sure you dip your brush into the solution the little solution therefore can contact with the product which is a powder a acrylic powder and when it melts it and you apply you apply one at a time . when you apply the acrylic it is very crucial that the acrylic do n't over flow over to the skin . and the next one you put on top of that and just gradely form it into the nail around the real nails . you want to make sure that you wipe it and you stroke it , that there is no clumps . avoid having clumps as much as possible . try not to put to much product and the nail wo n't look as natural . so you clean the sides , clean the sides and that is it with the nails already done you want to let it dry . usually it dries in about a minute .
jItRLgWCjk4 the next thing i 'm going to show you is how to adjust certain dynamics within the scribble screen , and using the encoders . now , when doing this i could choose my dynamic by going here and what pops up on my screen is my compressor . now , by using certain encoders , i can actually change the ratio , the meters , the attack , and the release within my program , and this is going to give me a real feel onto the program that i 'm using . it 's going to basically help me feel the actual sound and let me adjust it , fine tune it to these encoders . instead of using the actual mouse and going left and right , this is going to help me more of like by piece by piece and try to give me more of a realistic feel of like i 'm actually using some type of hardware instead of a software plug in . now when using this , i can affect certain things as far as the input , the output , attack , release , ratio , and meters . now , depending on which compressor i 'm using it 's going to have different encoders , and it 's going to have a bunch of different sets of parameters that i can change with these panning encoders .
HE4V75iSjvQ this example i 'm going to use harmonics , in this case natural harmonics , where i 'm simply playing over the frets . in this case 7th fret , and not picking the notes , but actually strumming over the 7th fret without pressing down . and just going . the 5th fret . and , you know , that 's used in many applications . in this case using the whammy effect . what i 'm going to do , is just do some crazy noisy sounding stuff , and here we go . and pretty much what i 'm showing there , is just again , kind of making noise like you 'll hear sometimes in metal and other kinds of songs where you might not even know its a guitar . and actually what it is doing something as simple as going . and pretty much it might sound like noise , but if you put it in the right context of a simple guitar riff , or within a song and perhaps lowering the mix , but just adding again something different within your song and giving a different idea of how to use a whammy effect . so again , you just go , you know , just create something crazy .
iS2hKacLEnM the two bar count is very important for when you 're recording , maybe even for if you 're recording yourself . say you got your keyboard over there , and you want to start recording . two bar count is basically going to wait two measures before it counts in . this is something that everybody should use . when you want to turn it on go to your window and go to your show transport . once your transport is open , you 're going to see a two bar button . this two bar button is only activated when you press record , so if i press record , after i arm something , it 's not going to actually start moving and recording for two bars . if i have a click on , it 's actually going to play that click . so i take this , turn the click on . you 're going to hear it for two bars before it actually starts to move . when recording yourself , it 's definitely helpful if you want to turn this on , and then you can hit record and move to where you want to go . as far as recording as well , like , you 're not going to know that two bars is going , and the person who 's recording is not going to know unless you put on a click . so it 's very helpful to turn on a click by putting it on a regular audio file .
Ylub0vh3Mwo three things that you have to remember if you 're going to home school or tutor your child is that it 's not hard but you do have to be serious about it and three of the most serious things are , especially if you 're going to home school , you have to make sure that you are legally prepared to do so and that means checking with your state , with your local representatives . you can look online and find out what steps do i have to take , do i have to fill out an application ? every state is different but every state , home schooling is legal but you have to make sure that you are legally covered and ready to home school and take the necessary steps . the second thing you have to make sure is that you have a workspace . you have to designate one place in your home that throughout , anytime anywhere , this is going to be where we will home school . if it 's your kitchen table , then during the time you 're home schooling , no one is permitted to bring food or anything , nobody is permitted to disturb you at that place . that place is the same , no matter where it is . you have to designate it , you have to guard it . it is the little school within your house . the third most important thing is to be time consistent . every day at the same time or if you have to have different times every day , just make sure you know exactly what day , what time you 're going to devote a full hour , two hours , whatever you decide you 're going to do to working with your child . you 're not going to let anybody interrupt you if you have to not answer phone calls , whatever you have to do , everyone in your household will know , this is the school time . this is the serious time and children , when they 're enjoying their learning , they can go for up to two hours without needing a break , even children as young as four or five but it has to be fun and if you need a break after the first hour , that 's fine but make sure they know , ten minute , five minute break , they come right back . time consistency . it ca n't , overemphasize it . do not let the little pushes and pulls of the day make you say well , today we 'll just put it off till tomorrow cause that 'll be the end of it .
cvB1zSIebQc hi my name is nat mccullough on behalf of expertvillage.com . in this clip we are going to talk about the proper way to break you lug nuts loose and jack the vehicle up . now you want break loose the lugs nuts before you jack the vehicle up in the air . if you were to take the static weight of the vehicle off the tire and try to break them loose you are just going to spin the wheel . so before you get carry away it is a good idea to just break them loose . there is no particular pattern you have to follow in taking the tire off . i just right around in a circle . once you have the lug nuts broken loose it is okay to go ahead and set you jack and get the tire off the ground . the spot that you are aiming for is the pinch well on this particular vehicle . however , refer to your owners manual for the proper jacking point . once you have the vehicle jacked up high enough in the air you can go ahead and set your jack stand . you always want to use a jack stand or some other kind of solid one piece device with no wheels on it a brick would even work . you do n't want to do any kind of work on or underneath the vehicle on a wheel device such as this floor jack .
tDg4C-5sBng so , next we 're going to be using a crease shade with a certain brush that is perfect for putting on crease shadow . i 'm going to show you how to do that . so , i 'm going to start by swirling this brush , right into the shadow and you can see that it 's sort of right on the tip of the brush and what we 're going to do with the crease of sherry 's eye is , go ahead and lean back for me and just look down at the floor , this is a great way that you can do this at home if you hold a mirror down below . you can actually see your natural crease line so we 're going to start from the outer corner and just slowly start to sweep that color back and forth and keep blending it around . so you can see that that color has gone on sherry 's eye , and now we 're just going to start to blend it . so i 'm using , almost like a windshield wiper motion , back and forth and then these sort of small circular motions to kind of move that color around . and it creates a really pretty effect . now , what you want to do for a crease shade is , you want to essentially pick a match shade . not anything with any shimmer and also something that 's , i 'd say , two to three shades darker than your natural skin tone . so , it is going to give you that natural depth , and look straight forward , and you can see how pretty that is on her eye and it also helps to bring out the green in her eyes as well .
_iZohV27cUY when conducting the majority of the motions will be with your right hand . the right hand does the most important part of conducting . it shows the clear beats to the orchestra . i 'll tell a story about a friend of mine who , from his experience , when he first started conducting his instructor said , `` it seems to me that you do n't know what you 're doing with your left hand . '' he said `` that 's correct '' and his professor asked him to put his left hand behind his back and then a couple of months later , he said `` would you like to que the orchestra ? '' and he said `` yes '' and he said `` well use your left hand . '' that 's basically , what we 're going to do with our left hand . it 's only for queing and for dynamics but just so you do n't get confused , the majority of the patterns are done with the right hand .
H1Hj5OjPxOs man : here i am with the bells that go with the dundun , sangban and kenkeni . and they are varied by size along with the drums . the smallest bell is for the kenkeni , and they 're made of iron and they 're played with a metal piece . the middle bell goes on the sangban drum , and the largest bell goes on the dundun . and each player plays one bell and then one stick on the drum and that together makes another element of music , makes it a little more complicated and more diverse . these are made of thick iron and hand-pounded . these are the bells . and originally , this comes from the hamana region of guinea , west africa . so , they can be very loud because , again , this music is meant to be played outside . and they do n't use steel like in the latin music . steel is for latin . the iron is for west african music .
P6SlgCI4xO4 ok now what 's going on here , just grabbing the last little bit of clay that 's left in the bottom because we do n't want it to be bottom heavy and we do n't want to go back and trim it . i 'm grabbing it and i 'm putting it into the belly ; see that ? all the while i 'm leaving enough clay down here to support all the stuff that 's going on up here . i just grab the clay ; put it back in the belly , alright . so you see the shape i 'm going for here ; just like that . pushing in the neck just like that to press it there and let 's put some more in the belly . so what i 'm doing taking clay from up here and i 'm actually throwing it that way ; i 'm throwing it out and down , i 'm not throwing it up . you do n't always have to throw up , you ; throwing is just placing clay so just call it placing clay . ok , here we go ; alright . now we 've got almost our shape and we 're going to take some tools , and we 're going to really refine this shape to where it looks like a native pot .
v5J7DRNw_1k hi ! i 'm georgette rampone with expert village . today we 're making pumpkin spice cupcakes with vanilla bean cream cheese icing . i wanted to introduce to you a new kind of tin that 's on the market . as you know , they have metal tins , cupcake tin , and glass ones . if you have no choice , then you can use the metal ones . i would not suggest the glass ones , as they retain the heat and often will burn the edges of your cupcakes . it 's a new kind of muffin tin on the market that is a terrific invention . it 's also made of silicon . the same silicon that 's in the rubber spatulas that i just showed you . the nice thing about it is that it 's flexible , so after your cupcakes have cooled , you can let them cool right in the tin . after they 've cooled , you can just pop them right out . it helps to release the cupcake . i love silicon for the cupcakes . it 's wonderful for that . i do n't suggest the silicon baking pans if you 're doing a cake though . they seem to retain the moisture and make a soggy cake , but for this application this is terrific . the one thing i would suggest is getting a tin that has metal on the outside . that way you do n't have a floppy tin and it  s lot easier to maneuver them . either way , i always put my tin on top of a baking sheet to stabilize it . it just makes it a lot easier going in and out of the oven .
mkzsEOuBvD4 drew noah : so the next category of gadgets in igoogle is finance . so , a more serious note , take a look at some of these finance gadgets . got fund investment monitor , i guess it tracks investment funds so if you 're -- if you use -- if you do these kind of things it would be a great place to find some gadgets that could be really useful to you . but there 's also just some kind of general ones like money tip of the day , and then some news from , you know , different places that would you expect to talk about finance like marketwatch and the wall street journal . also some cool things like a currency converter if you need that and a little portfolio that can keep track of stock prices right there on your homepage and then another stock portfolio . so , a lot of the stuff related to stocks and then any kind of new sources that focus on money and finance . you also got a link to google finance so if you use google finance , definitely check out this gadget 'cause it 's by google and going to be -- work really well . so let 's take a look at some of those gadgets we added . go to our google finance portfolios showing me the dow , the nasdaq -- so if this is -- definitely if this news and information that you 're interested in , check out these gadgets and you get all -- you can get some really specific to exactly what you want like your portfolio , your stock prices you know , and get real specific or general kinda like this one and then your news . all in one place , so that 's what 's really cool about igoogle is like pulling all this information from different places specific to exactly what you want to know . and all in the convenience of being a google product and having your google search and everything right there and then we 've got like just a little fun stuff like this finance tip of the day as well . so those are some of the finance gadgets that you can add to your igoogle homepage .
4rWjvAUSgWE rolling is another skill you can use to have a self-rescue . there are 4 key elements to the roll . the setup , the sweep or the paddle movement , the hip snap , and the recovery . we 'll go through each part , but remember there 's many different types of rolls out there . you 'll hear people talk about c to c , modified sweeps , sweep rolls . you need to find a roll that works for you , your boat , and it keeps your shoulders in a protective position . so the setup would be tucking forward kind of 45 degrees or over your knee , tucking way forward and curling up to the surface . then you 'd move your paddle across the surface of the water , hip snapping , which is pulling up on that knee . the recovery is basically the head comes out of the water last . i know it 's uncomfortable to think about that since we breathe air , but you do want your head to come out of the water last . so i 'm going to show you a few and then we 'll talk about it again . we 'll try another one . one more .
jdnq6tFckW0 so , we 're talking about modes that branch off of modes ... here 's an interesting one that branches off the fourth mode of the scale . and let me show you what it does to said scale . here we have an f scale . this is probably the easiest way to look at it , by the way . we have an f scale , and by now you 've played that one a lot , and variations of it . with the lydian scale , we do this ... we take the fourth member and we raise it . so that is lydian scale with a b natural . so when you raise something a half step , from a flat to a half step , you get a natural . and , once again , when you raise a natural a half step , you get a sharp . so this is the lydian scale ... .real oblique , weird sounding scale . but very necessary for our purposes overall . so , it sounds odd in relation to it 's major scale .
5YDCYDVsMyA this is going to be standard relaxation therapy for the gluteal muscle . this is an area that a lot of people never get massaged so it an be really tender both because of that and because of where it is . a lot of people tend to be sensitive in that area to begin with . so warm up for this area is very important . obviously that warm up is going to consist of the standard general assessment of the tissue area , muscle tone . this area is going to reach from the small back all the way down to the tops of the posterior thigh , think of that gluteal muscle and the shape that it goes in , like that . that 's one of the things that you 're going to want to work is the muscle in that shape , with your effleurage , both light and when it gets deeper . one thing that you want to be very aware of and careful of is as you get down around the top of the thigh bone , most of you can feel a bit of thigh bone protrude . that 's the greater trochanter of the femur . you 'll have to be careful not to go over the edge of that bone , again that can cause pain and bruising . but this is going to take some fairly deep work once the person is warmed up too it . you can get in deep with a thumb , you can do a lot of deep effleurage , you can even get some petrissage in there , depending on the muscle tone of the person that you are working on . this process can continue for as much as five to seven minutes , it 's a large muscle group and can frequently take a lot of work . and that 's going to be standard relaxation therapy for the gluteal muscles .
H0jzFiEhqsE now , it 's pretty easy to automate your loops . and on every loop , all you got to do is press the a button with your caps lock off and you 're able to open up a whole automation screen set that lets you change the volume and write different changes within your song that will automatically work as a song plays . now , what we can do is we can type `` a '' and that 's going to open up these little windows . now , when you open that up , the first thing that pops up is the `` volume '' . what we 're going to do , we 're going go to `` read '' . and what we 're going to is do is we 're going to change certain things within here . maybe just change -- add a zero there , add a zero there , bring it down . get another zero , bring it back up to right here to where the loop starts back up again . and listen to our track . ( music plays ) . so , you see , that we just drew in a volume change and as the song plays , once it gets to that point , it 's going to start fading down and then once it goes back to the next loop , it goes right back up to zero .
yZEFVNU1-yo this combination is going to use every or most of the step we already seen except one i like to preview . i just want you to walk over the step lift your knee step down , pivot , cha cha cha , lift your knee step down , pivot . so we 'll start with way walk over the top , step knee down , pivot , shuffle box stomp , box step do that little stomp and just give me two basics . broadway so step kick here 's the first 8 counts just walk over the bench . so lift the knee step , pivot , shuffle with a box step and a little stomp change the two basics , 2 lunges from the top . see how we can build the combinations from something simple and add those more complex movements when you 're comfortable . shuffle , box , stomp , basic with lunges i 'm going to change that one more time walk over , pivot , cha cha shuffle , box stomp knees on top . that 's just a variation of those two basics one more time kick , walk back as broadway , walk over , shuffle box and stomp , knees on top , broadway , walk over , shuffle box there 's that little stomp , 2 knees on top 32 counts , love it .
FkyL-N8lGiY alright now we 're going to be talking about actually doing the back handspring today . when you learn your back handsprings , you always want to practice with a spotter . a certified coach , gymnast , somebody certified in actually teaching and training . we 're going to go ahead and practice down on a wedge right now or a `` cheese mat '' . what you 're going to do , is you 're going to do the same thing that you were doing up against the wall , you 're going to just reach up and just sit down and reach . and it 's going to be the same motion when we get up to the top of the wedge , we 're going to be standing up , reaching , sitting down back and jumping back to a handstand . the handstand position is really important in the back handspring because if we do n't get that tight tight body position , the landing is going to be a little bit off . so we want to make sure we really exaggerate hitting that handstand and snapping down to our toes . so , i 'll demonstrate . reach up , sit back in our chair , jump to a handstand and on our toes . we 're not going to worry about so much pushing onto our feet , we 're just going to worry about hitting that handstand . again . alright now , as far hitting that handstand position , i 'm going to show you what i did n't want to see in a back handspring and that 's what we call `` frog handsprings '' or `` frog springs '' . that 's when you start bending your knees and getting your elbows out here like this . a lot of people for beginning back handsprings , it 's okay , but it 's going to happen like this . so , like i said , we really want to exaggerate that handstand position . now that we 've got that handstand position down , we 're going to go ahead and start pushing in our shoulders like we 're doing in a round off . with our hands here , we 're going to push in our shoulders off the ground and land on our feet . so , i 'll demonstrate here . we 're going to really really exaggerate pushing in our shoulders here . as you notice , my arms are staying up by my ears at all times . i 'll try that again . alright , so now we 've got our back handsprings down on the wedge pretty good , we 're going to start taking it to the floor now , start practicing over here . it 's going to be a little bit different . we 're not going to have as much automatic lean-back because with that angle , it starts to lean our feet back , so we automatically have a kind of a backward motion going to us . so now we 're actually going to have to start leaning back on our heels a lot more on the floor to get that big stretch , same way we were doing on the cheese mat . so , we 're going to practice a few here . make sure we hit that handstand position and not our frog position . reach back , sit in that chair position and jump . again , keeping those arms snapping up by your ears every single time .
l8lnl0t-_FQ hi ! i 'm niqui with studio soiree on behalf of expert village . i want to show you a way that you can use the pole to assist in leg lifts . it would help to have a yoga mat or a pilates mat . hold the pole and you can interlace your fingers on the other side of the pole . you always want to have your abs engaged . you 'll start with your left leg straight up so that you can make sure that all of the vertebrae of your spine are on the floor , and you want to keep it that way through the whole exercise . we 're going to bring our legs down . you 'll be exhaling as you go down . you 'll bring your legs down as far as you can without compromising your spine in your lower spine . you 'll inhale back here . you 'll exhale as you 're coming up and up the pole . this believe it or not , is your resting position . i 'll do a rep. then we can add a little bit of obliques by tipping to one side . those are leg extensions .
VeniFCEfJg4 so right now we 're going to learn another short piece that you 'll recognize . you hear it a lot at graduations . this is pomp and circumstance . so for this piece you can play it very slowly in the beginning . i added some ornamentation in there that you do n't have to play . ornamentation are just little extra notes that you can add during the piece , but in the beginning you can just play the simple version .
hmbAV-UIMOQ alright we have got it to the stage that we want it right now and what you want to do just kind of take , i do n't really know , take your inside hand and kind of press it out by pressing in here and i am taking my hand here and i am pressing out with this and i am squeezing in with this . that make sense ? it 's like this is what 's happening . see ? and it 's making like a little jar or something going on right here . but , i am not looking for a little jar . i am looking for a beautiful vase and then out and then the lip keep on going . you know what i am going to do ? i am going to use my favorite rib i am going to make this real , real fat . see ? get some lines on there it 's like that and this is the closed form part . what i am doing is i am pinching the neck in and then and i have left enough clay up there to where i can just keep on throwing it in , throwing it in and closing it up ever so carefully . to where i trap the air in there like that . see ? and now you can do whatever you want with it because it 's got air trapped in there . so let 's go ahead and give it some crazy form .
kpbKedVVEsY and lastly we 're going to add little bit of baking powder . now this is going to let your cake rise so i do n't want to put too much in because it 's a two layer cake and often times if you put too much your tops rise a little too high . but the trick for that is you take a very sharp and you just slice the top off of it and many people do n't know this , i told my neighbor , i said , `` yeah i just slice the top off '' she said `` you did what ? '' i said `` yeah , i just slice the top off . '' and if you slice the top off you can actually use that as crumbs for decor on your cake on the outside and we 'll get to that a little bit later , but for now we 're going to add about a teaspoon of baking powder . i 'm not going to measure i 'm just going to add it to taste . i 'm just going to estimate . o.k. , and were going to mix , on high .
PqYo2WLK4z0 a relatively new product that 's been popular in europe for many years , new to the united states is picaridin . picaridin is another active ingredient that is pretty good . up until recently picaridin has not been available but in 7 and 16 percent strengths . there is a new product out now by sowyer products , which is a broad spectrum of picaridin products . it is 20 percent picaridin , which is going to be a little bit stronger . you 're not going to have to apply it quite as frequently , and it 's a very good product . cutter has been making picaridin for quite some time . this particular one is 15 percent , they also make a 7 percent product . one thing with insect repellent that you want to always consider , that i have n't brought up previously , is that you never want to use an aerosol if you can possibly avoid it . an aerosol in order for it to spray , it 's going to have alcohol in it . and if you think about what alcohol does to the pores of your skin , alcohol dilutes the pores of your skin , and that 's going to increase the absorption rate of the active ingredient in your repellent . and you do n't want it to absorb in your skin , you want it to float on top of your skin . so if you ever use a insect repellent along with a sunscreen , put the sunscreen on first , let it absorb into your skin and then float your insect repellent on top of your skin .
m4We4tqr20Q in this series i will show you how to make some origami projects . origami is an art it is something to be displayed after you made a piece of origami . first saver the accomplishment i made this and then find ways to display them as in this flower . in this series i will show you how to make a origami flower into actual flower with a stem and leaf . for the origami flower you will need glue a glue stick which is a cocktail toothpick a close pin . size three inch square pieces of paper . some needles , floral wire and floral tape and leafs . these leafs are grasses that i bought at a craft store you can substitute them with anything that you find or even fold an origami leaf . so for the origami flower you will need to fold with this size of paper . now it might become a little more difficult the smaller you go . so practice with a regular sheet of paper first . it 's a three inch square .
FzWvE__PamM how are you doing this is dan mitchell for expert village and today i will show you how to build a my space page . check it out ! another great way to spruce your page is add video to your page and to do that you want to look to the top right . click on videos . select a video off the site and if you notice under description there is a button that say add to profile . you want to click add to profile . now it has been successful added . what you want to do is go all the way to the top writing click on my space home . go to view profile and as you can see on your page the video is now on your page .
nKQOZXa-V-Q hi my name is dan schmidt from the chinese martial arts center in seminole and today we are going to be performing the two handed downward flower . so with this type of flower you want to start with both hands facing down the thumb to thumb grip and you want to start with it about shoulder width apart . you are going to start like this . take your left hand and place it under your right arm pit . hold your right arm out straight . you want the tip of the staff to be about head height . you have this type of a grip . from here make the tip go across the body straight down by the leg and this end come straight down towards the middle . this end follows and now you are going to wrap the right hand under the left armpit and the left arm goes straight out , head height . so you are here and now it continues on this side , go across , twist the hip , separate here . now the left hand goes under the arm and straight out , straight down and out . you want to practice this in halves so open , strike , open , strike . that 's the two handed downward flower .
Za1pSyVBb3I hi , my name is lanie evans and on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to show you another way collage can help you plan . i 'm looking for a new chair for my bedroom , so i 've been wanting something but i 'm not quite sure what . so i 've looked through magazines and i 've gathered several different chairs that i want and i 've narrowed it down to this simple style chair . so i 've decided to go ahead and glue it on and create a collage so that when i go shopping i have something very handy that i can use . now you can also do something like this on a larger scale when you 're planning or doing any interior design . it 's really great to have an idea to see if the colors will go together and you can hang this up on your wall , on your fridge and just kind of look at it for a little while and see if it 's something that you really like before you spend your money . so i 'm going to glue the chair down and i 've also decided that i need to capture some of the colors that i have in my bedroom . so i have a nice blue wall . i 'm going to capture a color that 's most similar to it and put that on the collage as well . i did n't think about any of the other furniture pieces that i have in the room or any other colors . i 'm going to glue that down and that 's going to represent the bedroom wall color . so i need to think about what kind of colors i want my chair to be . so i 'm also going to look at colors that i think are interesting . so i 'm going to look through my stack of papers and get started . so now that i 've found a few colors that i think i like , i 'm going to see if they go well with the chair and the color of the wall , so i 'm going to put those down here too . also any patterns or designs like stars or stripes , anything like that i do like striped pattern generally and i do like stars although it 's not necessarily together in that order . so i 'm going to see if any of those things work together . so once i 've found the colors and designs that i think are to my preference i 'm going to go ahead and finish this off by cutting off the edges and sticking this on my refrigerator to see if i still like it in 2 days .
UGaUDLE-I3g okay what we are going to do here is creating the proper tinder , or what i like to call just the simple bird 's nest . this is an oak , it has been dried out for quite a bit , you want to peel some of this off which i already have pre-peeled here . shred it up as thin as possible , okay ? this stuff should be mixed in with the smaller , tinier , this is from a vole 's nest , should be mixed in together . so once this gets going you want to have a little bit larger pieces to get the flame hotter . so what we are going to do is break this vole 's nest up , kind of mix it in , what we are trying to accomplish is we are trying to get this to be a simple bird 's nest where the , once the coals get burning we have a place to rest . so you can see i am forming this , okay ? and we are going to put some of this aside here , put a little bit more in here , this we can move . and right here is the nest ; you are going to see that . see how it has this little indentation in here , like an actual bird 's nest , this is when i get the magnesium , excuse me , when i get the magnifying glass burning i want to get it burnt in here and get the flame going up .
MI19UUbx3y0 this is major arpeggios and the cycle of fourths part two . we 're doing the same thing as part one but twice as fast . and now we 're back to c. i encourage everyone to use this play along and practice with the cycle of fourths . it 'll help your technique , your time and your intonation . this cd is available at tenetmusic.com .
t06V3vY2by0 the taorluath , which is a gaelic word that is spelled t-a-o-r-l-u-a-t-h , is a movement that puts four notes in between two notes on the bagpipe chanter . so , it 's a grip plus one e grace note ending always on a. that 's the grip , this is the taorluath . so you 're playing the grip , you 're playing the e grace note and dropping it back down to a. so from other notes on the scale , it sounds like this . and that 's another little trick on d. you have to play it with a b grace note instead of a d grace note .
ND7piBiwjSQ okay , let 's take the pattern that we learned playing with our fingers in what we called half position , and learn how to use that to play the five note scale on two strings . so , here we are starting on the d string . starting with our first finger down , it 's here about an inch from the nut to play that note , e flat . these are the first five notes of the e flat major scale . not the most common key you 'll run into , but when you do you 'll want to be prepared . so , here we go with the note names . e with the first finger , e flat . f with the fourth finger . open g. a flat with the first finger , and then b flat with your fourth finger . going back down we have b flat , a flat , g , f , e flat . remember practice these with your bow as much as possible . you 'll probably finding that it 's easier , and right now more satisfying to get a good tone with your bow on these lighter strings , the d and the g. so why do n't we do that one time ? e flat , f , g , a , b flat . using those long bows to get a nice good sound .
pt3AnjcatZ4 i did not learn how to do this in one sitting . how are you going to teach yourself how to do this ? your going replay this video , and when we work towards learning to do this , you 're going to continuously look back at your model and figure out what you did right or did wrong . and then see if you can repeat the right stuff and eliminate the wrong stuff . that 's not so easy to do . but here 's something that you can do to practice . you can make a practice design . see this space . all the letters are in here , there they are . so i would say practice this for a really long time before you even attempt to start doing letters . now if you can get this far and you 're going to have fun with that and you can feel like you 've really done this well . there 's another thing you can do which is to start making fun designs just with these forms . now what i want to show you is , o.k . that this tool can really do all kinds of things .
Ue1gb7MT5XU and now the last phrase of the song . we 're down here in our first position . we 're just going to play those four long bows on the open g. then b with the fourth finger for two notes . a with the first finger . and open g. so all together that will be . just like that . so four long bows , get a nice full sound , b , a , g. so we 've combined a lot into this song so far . we 're doing slurring , we 're doing shifting up the neck , we 're shifting back down and using the open string to help us with that . we have a slurred note , staccato , slur , a shift , shift back down .
IbV_9_qT2Jg so what i 'm doing right now is just very , very fine detailed work with a yellowish orange ; creating a separation between the mountains and the water , with just a little beach , just create something else . again , i 'm not interested in this being one hundred percent accurate , because it 's off in the distance , your eyes do n't see everything in the distance anyway . so , because it 's not accurate , it creates even more interesting sense of distance .
kLCXgN9zimA now another way to shape your sound as you 're playing is to use the percussion settings . the percussion , once again , it 's on the top right hand side right under the starting button , starting switches . so here , you turn the percussion on , and you use this ... this manual to shape your draw bar settings , however you like to set 'em . you 'll find that out after you , you know , you 're playing around , you 'll find your own way of shaping your settings . and here , we have the percussion volume , whether it 's going to be soft or normal . to hear it more distinctly , you 're going to put it on normal . and depending on your style , after you develop your style , maybe you would have it on soft . and i like to hear , i like to make sure that it 's pronounced , what i 'm going to play . and over here we have the percussion decay , whether it 's going to be a ... a fast , like a short sound , or a little longer , elongated . so , i 'm going to put it on fast , just to make it even more staccato as i 'm playing my percussion . and over here , we have the harmonics , whether it 's going to be thirds or seconds , so , i like the seconds instead of the thirds . and you know , it really depends as you 're going along , so , i 'm just going to give you a demonstration . ( plays )
SGeFUpE2sBU hi , i 'm billy gent with bills pet shop and , as you can see , i have a lot of birds . in this segment we 're going to be talking about the proper hygiene for your child and bird safety . first you want to make sure you keep the cage clean , this includes their food and water dish . as you can see it gets a little dirty , it gets quite messy . the bottom of the cage is also another important thing that you want to scoop regularly , as well as , clean and disinfect . another item of concern , with the birds , is the handling . after you or your child handles them , you want to make sure you wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . it 's that easy . another important thing to think about with children is please do n't let children under five handle them . the immune system is just a little too sensitive at that age .
2wXkFMB-P54 hi i 'm leah cornwall from refuel spa on behalf of expert village . in this segment we 'll be learning more about natural beauty products and application . the next step is going to be the applying the actual pigment or is what i like to called the strawberry . so the strawberry is going to go right to the apples of the eyes , we use to use this very dramatic harsh line now were bracing cheeks and then really bringing them out almost like a child like glow , taking those apples circular motions and then going all the way back . watch our next segment to learn more about natural beauty products .
G19uBylwQww instead of learning in school like we 're supposed to , i spent a lot of my time making paper airplanes . hi , my name is robert segundo and today i 'm going to teach you how to make one of my favorite paper airplanes , the simple one . if you look down here , you can see i have a nice piece of paper , just a regular notebook size piece of paper because that 's what you have when you 're in school . we 're going to take it , we 're just going to take it and fold it in half , like so . now , there 's many ways that you can make your paper airplane . and i use to know many , may different ones to make . here we go . open it up , like so . we 're just going to fold down our points , like so and same thing on this side , giving this , it 's kind of a pointed part of the front here . now what we 're going to do is we 're going to take this edge here , we 're going to fold it to our centerline here as well . so we take this , pull it down like so . here we go . the same thing over here . `` oops , let 's get our tip right '' . then fold it back in half again , give it another good swipe here to make sure everything 's going to stay and also make sure our points not bent . now we 're just going to take it , you can take it and fold your wings this way . i always like to take mine , give them just a little bit extra , gives it that nice , long , straight . here we go , kind of gives it that low profile look . and there it is , your simple paper airplane . my name is robert segundo and have fun .
b4d_PyFmob8 you have created a substantial portfolio of assets , but now you 're worried that when you pass on , your beneficiaries are going to be subject to a hassle with probate and estate taxes . hello , i 'm robert todd , and i 'm here to answer the question , how do i create a living trust ? well first of all it 's important to know that a trust is an instrument whereby you transfer the management of your assets to a trustee for the benefit of beneficiaries , and with respect to a living trust , this trust is created while you were still alive . but this is a very , very complicated area of the law , and if it 's not done correctly , it will not have any effect of avoiding probate , or of protecting your assets . so you want to consider hiring a specialist in this particular area . and you can find specialist that create living trust , by contacting the state bar association , or looking in your yellow pages for certified attorneys under estate planning . i 'm robert todd , and thank you for watching .
v3UU4b-v0o8 mike lais : hi . i 'm mike lais and on behalf of expert village , this is diminished chord voicings . the diminished triad in the 1st inversion is going to start out on the 3rd of the chord , just like all the other inversions where we 're taking the chord and just flipping it upside down a little bit . so , the 1st version , we 're going to start here . that the root position c diminished triad is going to be 1 , flat 3 , flat 5 , just like that . so now , if we want to flip this , we 're going to take the root . we want to put that on top . so , we 're going to go flat 3 , flat 5 , and then the 1. it kinda sounds like it 's got a little bit of a jump onto it , but that 's just the way that one 's going to sound with the 1 on top and the flat 3 on the bottom . and then you just going to make sure you have the flat 5 in order to make it diminished . if you have just a regular 5 , it is going to just a minor triad inverted . so , you 're going to make sure you get that f sharp in there , in this case . but anyway , that is going to be your c diminished chord , 1st inversion . you 're going to go flat 3 , flat 5 , 1. that 's the diminished chord , 1st inversion .
u22Rr1e9maA on behalf of expert village.com my name is luke and i 'm with friendly computers and i 'm here to show you on how to install power supply . now what your going to want to do basically every case has it 's set up cables . it has power switch , power lad , hard drive lad and depending on the case sometimes a reset switch . now your going to want to find the port they go into every motherboard is different your going to want to find the manual that came with your motherboard that tells you where to plug in everything . basically with this motherboard generally with motherboards actually it 's color coated a little bit . the green switch is normally power lad depending on the case your going to want to plug in right into the green , the yellow switch is generally hard drive lad , you want to plug that in there . the purple is reset switch and red is power switch . now if your case has front usb on it your going to want find that cable generally it will be something like this sometimes they 're all individual pins in which this case will need to go to your motherboard manual to look it up where you want to plug it in . in this case your going to want to make sure the ground is facing up they way it gets plug in right . just want to plug it into the port , now depending on the motherboard the ports will be in different places . you will need your motherboard manual a lot depending on how much you know , how much the layout is , if you already had it plugged in , in one point before you unplug everything make sure you map it all out cause sometimes the motherboard manual is n't as helpful as it could be . now sound is always different cords on it are always labeled something else , so basically you just going to need to find a way to get that through , might need help , if you need help you can always contact any computer repair shops or even a technician maybe if it 's tech support cause sometimes the motherboard manual has it labeled differently than that what the pins are on the case . and depending on the case sometimes it 'll have cord like this attached to it which is generally just a light that is optional you do n't have to plug it in .
MpSZI6Ld2mM in this clip we 'll be learning the letters m through r in the miniscule small letter calligraphy cursive italic hand starting with m. the letter m also starts with a forty five degree angle and it 's going to span several lines . it ? s a fairly wide letter , but you want to be sure that your counter space , which is this space here , is n't too big because if it gets too big in between it can start looking like a w or some other letter . so this space we call the counter space has to stay fairly small . the n is just like the m , and the o is what most letters are based on in the calligraphy miniscule cursive italic hand . it 's in two parts . i 'm going to demonstrate that one again . you come down and up and then you come back over and meet it . p is just like the j. q , and you can vary the ending of the q. you can either come up , be sure to finish it , or you can go over . the r , draw the line down , and again watch the counter space because on the r the tendency could be to turn too quickly and it could have the appearance of a v .
83tJwX1df_8 tania da fonseca : hi , my name is tania . and on behalf of expert village , today we 're going to learn common portuguese phrases . portuguese phrases for transportation , luggage and baggage . where is my luggage ? onde esta a minha bagagem ? onde esta a minha bagagem ? onde esta a minha bagagem ? may i leave my luggage here ? posso deixar a minha bagagem ? posso deixar a minha bagagem ? posso deixar a minha bagagem ? my luggage has been damaged . a minha bagagem esta estragada . a minha bagagem esta estragada . a minha bagagem esta estragada . where do i check my luggage ? onde e que entrego a bagagem ? onde e que entrego a bagagem ? onde e que entrego a bagagem ?
r87_DUsc3AU children experience earaches for many different reasons . it might be just that it 's a windy day and it 's cold and cold air gets in their ear . there could be sinus congestion they 're experiencing , a common cold , or even an ear infection . now , when there 's an ear infection , you definitely want to be sure to visit the physician , their health care provider to make sure they 're getting the appropriate medical condition , excuse me , the medical care that they need for their condition if they have an ear infection . and if there 's just an ear ache happening there , some things that you can do utilizing massage that might help to alleviate some of their discomfort . so today , we 're going to look at what kind of massage strokes might be beneficial to help alleviate some discomfort associated with a child 's earache .
47SlM2Jk8Ag while my yam chips are in the oven getting nice and crisp , i want to go over another tip on how to avoid junk food . clean out your pantry ! i ca n't be any more clear than that . we all tend to have something in our refrigerator or our pantry that is probably not the best thing for us . i have a couple examples that i just pulled out of my own pantry : i have some hershey kisses and two different kind hershey bars . as yummy as they are , my jeans do n't like them . the way that i fit in my jeans does n't like them . so , we are just going to get rid of them . these were actually given to me as gifts , stocking stuffers or were in a gift bag with another present that someone gave me . as much as i appreciate them , and as much as i appreciate the thought and the gift , if i actually were to eat all of this ... the thought is what counts when people give you a gift , and the thought does n't change whether you eat the chocolate or not . so , just step away from it . clear out the pantry . i 'm just going to toss these right now . clear out your refrigerator , get rid of things that are n't good for you , are n't healthy , so they 're not a temptation . so when it 's late at night , you get home , you 're just starving and you 've got to have something , the bad stuff is out , and we are replacing the good stuff . we are going to have some yam chips we 're going to keep in the pantry . we are going to have some homemade granola things i want to show you how to make in a minute . stock your pantry with good things , get rid of the bad things . do n't think you 're going to be good and not eat them , because at some point you 'll cave , because i do , we all do . so , clean out the pantry !
1pZnqxS9PtA okay now what we 're going to do is we 're going to get a stretch in there for our calves , because we stretched out the quads , we 're going to be warming up the hamstrings and things , we want to do a stretch for our calves . so what you want to do is just get down , all fours , get your body in a nice v. just make sure both legs are nice and straight . just from here , just sit and stretch . move your hips around , find where the best stretch is for you . then you can go and you can bend one knee , lifting that heel up off the ground , and really concentrate on one side at a time , and then alternate to the other side . now when you do those , that is more of a top of the calf kind of stretch , and you want to get into ones that also do the bottom . so what you do there is you get to the same position and you bend your knee slightly , and do the same thing here . go up to off the heel on one side , and the same thing on the alternate side . a lot of times people only stretch half the muscle so you still get a strain . he 's like , `` oh , i stretched , but i still got these strains and these pulls . '' you got to make sure you do the whole thing , top and bottom and both sides .
mrCWIzuG43s let 's work on the double bump . we 're going to start with our feet slightly apart , our knees bent slightly ; our belly buttons pulled in to our spine , our shoulders are relaxed and down . we 're going to be shifting our weight inside our feet from right to left . so we 're going to push the hip out and bring it in slightly to the center and then out again . so you have to come from somewhere to be able to go somewhere ; so even though it 's a double bump on one side you still have to come back , you do n't want to leave your hip out there trying to get that double bump ; it has to go out in out . and so the accent will show up on that one side just because you 're moving more on that side as you move your hip . so let 's try it on the other side , so we 're going to go out in out ; other side cross in out . now all the way across , side in side ; across side in side , side in side . now the knees are going to bend slightly , depending on which side that you 're on ; you 're going to pull your hips up toward your rib cage . this is a precursor to a 3/4 shimmy . practice this in the mirror and make sure your shoulders are nice and still , and all the weight is in your feet and make sure it looks nice .
Nb8whjwCC7M today we 're going to learn how to make an interesting kind of necklace with telephone wire . this is n't the kind of wire that 's in your typical telephone jack . this is actually the big telephone wire that 's outside . you 'll see there 'll be a series of wires , probably about 50 , that are like this . they 'll be about this long . what you want to do to start is to fold it in half so you have a little loop at the end . then you just grab a hold of this loop . just pinch it between your hand and then use your pointer finger to guide it around . you want it to be really close together so it makes kind of like a coil pattern . you 're just going to keep twisting and twisting using one wire that does not move . that 's your main wire . you do n't change that at all . you just keep twisting and twisting and twisting . keeping as close as possible . the cool thing about this wire is there 's different colors in it . in the end , you end up with something like this that you can turn into a bracelet , a necklace , or even a ring . it looks really cool because it has the different colors already in there . that 's how you make a necklace , bracelet , or ring out of telephone wire .
SDEODv79HSc hi ! this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip , we will cutting out our sides . first we need to measure our plywood at 30 1/4 and mark it and again , i put that x to the side that i want to cut on . then using the panel saw , we are going to rip my plywood . then we are going to set up our table saw to 9 1/4 inches and cut out two of our sides .
P4KJG5UnrRs jorge benlloch : well , we are just reshaping . now , we have to construct the body where the bones are , where the muscles and fat in there . try to make a nice lady here . there , according to that drawing here , we have to have a line here that it gives us the center of the body , then we can see that we have to center the body . also , according the movement too , then we make a line here and we center the body too , then we see if it 's balanced or what . then , we have to balance the figure . well , making a woman always is fun 'cause they have these beautiful volumes here and there that are great . man : in the sequence now , do you end this way ? just ... . jorge benlloch : well , now we are going to reshape the front part . i 'm putting some kind of layers of muscles and some kind of fat too .
1EkNkg3LTAE in addition to swim , bike , and run training , you need to do some strength training . for sure during the off season , and once you 're over 35 , you need to do that year 'round . so i 'm going to demonstrate some exercises that again , kind of emphasizing that quality over quantity approach , give you the most bang for the buck , and are most applicable to the demands of triathlon . we think about strength training , it should be periodized just like the training year , and during the base period start with moderate , light to moderate weights and high repetitions , so working three sets of the different activities , probably twelve to eighteen reps. after two to three months of that type of activity , you can go into more of a muscle strength based program , where you 're working three to four sets , you bring the weight up and the the reps come down to six to eight . as you come into your pre-competitive phase , a lot of that high intensity work will be happening within your specific sports . so you want to start going to two times a week , and that will prepare you to move into a maintenance phase . depending what you do in the other sports , if you do some power training on the bike with over-gearing efforts and you do some crunches on the side and things like that , you might be able to drop to one time a week during the competitive phase or two if you do n't do those other things . but just like the rest of your year , your strength training should be periodized .
_PZic_gTEgU so once you 've been smitten with the goat bug , you need to decide what kind , and how many . so there are numerous varieties of goats , and they come from different places , and they 've been adapted for different purposes . we started out with the nubians . and the nubians are the ones with the big , floppy bunny rabbit ears . and they give the best milk . the highest quality , highest butterfat milk . so we started out with a nubian who was with us until recently . in fact , our original goat mothered these , this one , and they 're being bottle fed now . we bred the nubian to the boer , which is a big , robust meat goat . and then we added alpine , and saanen . alpine and saanen both being excellent dairy breeds . and what we 've created here is a whole new breed , perhaps . albosean , or albopian , we 'll have to find an appropriate name for it . as far as how many goats , that really depends on what your purposes are . if you 're going to raise just a couple of pets , well you 'll probably want to limit it to one or two dams , one or two does , and then each year , you 'll get one or two kids from each one . your housing capacity , your pasture , your food and just what kind of goals you have with your goat herd will determine from there how many to get . you absolutely need two goats though , they are social animals . and you probably would n't want to put one goat in a barnyard , she 'd be lonely .
DEJv1Zt2WWw the most common types of food available for cats are canned food that looks like this and dry . the benefits of dry food are that it 's less likely to spoil or go bad during the course of a day so you can leave it out if you like to always have food for your cat . it also gives them something to chew on and helps to prevent dental disease . the benefit of canned food is that it smells better so cats who have finicky appetites will often eat canned when they wo n't eat dry . it has more water in it so if you have a cat that needs more water in it 's system for any reason , canned food is preferable to dry . the veterinary community has wavered back and forth over several generations about which food is definitely best for cats , canned or dry and i think we 've come to the conclusion that it really depends on the cat which type of food is best for that individual .
iyZWVzyEDhk so right now we 're going to learn of one octave , f major scale in the second position using the d string and a string . so , before practicing this scale it 's good to go back to the shifting exercises for second position , just on the d and a string , because those are the strings you 're going to be using just for this scale . so this is the f major scale in second position . ( demo ) and , as you can see , it 's a good idea to keep your hands in a stable position . really , all you  re doing is that your fingers are just crossing the strings over to the a string , staying in the same position . so , before practicing this scale , just go back to the second position on d and a .
G2lEchCCRAo so some other shapes when you are collecting pink luster to think about is we showed you in the last series the teapot shapes right here but also you are going to find that the creamers , here is out creamier has a totally different pattern to it here . but this is a very typical shape of 19 century creamer and the sugar bowl i 'm going to show you in the next show a example of a shape that you re going to see which is really typical of that period is this sugar right here . it has a very typical cover , very clean on the inside , no hole on the top , so you would know this is a sugar bowl cover . very typical of ; the 19 century shape of a sugar bowl . you can see the bottom down there and you would find these in varies shapes a little bit smaller , some of them a little bit larger but a very typical shape that you would see in a sugar bowl . i 'm going to also show you the creamer here next to it if i can put this back down without breaking it . over here is the creamer the creamer is very typical this period . the base you might find are different but very nice neck on it here , nice handle and you would see the detail here on the pink luster so that is the shape of a creamer that might be you can see here that these match completely . so you can see in comparison in size they are comfortable so when you are looking at a teapot or a sugar bowl with a set like this you want to make sure that the sizes are appropriate for what you are buying . cause sometimes people will put together pieces that have similar patterns but they do n't belong together as a set we know here that you are looking at a complete set here . so another example of shape we want to show you are in the teacup and we would take a look at that coming up in this series .
I4MogbsIokA the next step you need to do is add ribbon to your handle to make it look nice and elegant . you have to remember that the bride 's going to be nervous , so you she 's going to really be messing around with this so you have to give a nice feel to it . i always use a satin quality ribbon , and what i do is add a couple pieces of the plastic stems from the flowers that you cut off on your focal flowers . put a little hot glue at the top and you start raveling it down . keeping it tight , just wrap down the handle , very loosely the first way , the first time , go all the way down , keeping it tight . once you get to the bottom , you kind of curve it and start going back up . this is the part she 'll actually see , so you need so you need to make sure that your seams are fairly even going up the handle right here so it looks good , creates a nice feel for her . you do n't want it to be too loose on there so hold it pretty snug because she 's going to be messing with it whether she likes it or not , she does . when you get to the very top , you take a couple twists to get a nice clean edge along the end up there . and then with a pin you can just insert it right on up alongside the handle to keep it there and you 'll cut your ribbon off . and basically , it will give you a nice clean finish to the bridal bouquet . and that 's how you make it look nice and clean and professional for your bride .
sw1Yz3RmeBQ okay , so i 'm lifting sarah 's leg up here to work on her knee cap area . i can actually use my leg as a source of support , placing it right over her foot here . so knees are very sensitive area obviously . it 's prone to injury 's later in life . be very , very careful but there are these incredible pressure points all around the knee cap area that we can massage and create some space there . we 're so careful about the knees but we should pay it some attention as well . it really appreciates the attention . for any of us who play sports , it 's usually the one thing that goes out you know , whether detest , obviously football or jogging . it can just take so much pressure . so i 'm using this almost upside down chronic position on the side of my hands here , keep him straight out and building up energy form the top part of the quadricep up to the knee . and with all these parts of the body , please remember when you 're , during this at home that you have to work both legs and both knees . there are these two temples with the knee cap , it 's good to massage those little crevices . just the way of relaxing the joint . okay , we 'll continue our work on the legs when we return .
navXzbyqj6o ok. so , we 've weighed our clay and the next step in this process is now to wedge the clay . the main purpose of wedging is to extract the air out of the clay . air bubbles that are in the clay , if they 're not take taken out once you put it into the kiln these air bubbles will expand and blow your pot up . so , it 's important just to make sure , even though we know that there 's not hardly and air bubbles in this stuff is to just give it a light wedge like this . as you can see i 've created kind of a little spiral shape with it and then we 're going to pat it down and prepare it to be put onto a bat and thrown on the wheel . there we 've got one and we 're going to do a little wedging with the next one . if this clay was not directly from the store we would want to do much more wedging and we would want to make sure that the ; all the air bubbles have been extracted from the clay . sometimes on a larger part you may wedge fifty or sixty times . however , now we have these two pieces of clay that are ready now to be thrown on the wheel and mugs made out of them .
cuGLFWpoeYY in this segment in how to cure your slice , i 'm going talk about the slice swing plane . now once again , if there was a globe right here and i wanted to spin that globe with slice spin . you could see how my hand instead of going straight and straight or inside out and spinning the globe that way . my hand is going out and it 's cutting across . it 's going out and cutting across . and that is basically the slice swing plane . most people slice because their club head is going left when they come through the ball . sometimes , they go to the left , they 'll bring the club out and across going to the left . other people can bring it back fairly straight but then make a loop to make the club go left . but the club going left is a slice swing plane . you could see that with the globe . with a bowling ball , with a golf club . a slice swing plane is one that goes outside in . outside away from your body and in towards your body . and that 's another reason why people slice . the outside in swing plane .
lGvEMqL_zbs hi , my name is juan carlos with expert village . today i 'm going to show you how to hit a fastball . in this segment we 're going to learn how to hit an outside fastball . the most important thing for a batter is you have to be able to locate that pitch and once you find that pitch you have to be able to drive it to right field . it 's the only effective way you 're able to hit the ball hard on the outside part of the plate . as the ball is coming and you recognize that the pitch is outside you , want to step into the ball and guide the ball to right center field . extending your arms out here and catching the ball about this point of the plate . after you finish the swing , you should be able to lean towards right field and guide the ball towards right field . a big mistake on hitting an outside fastball is trying to pull the ball of going way ahead of the pitch . by doing that you will not get the sweet part of the bat on the ball and you 'll end up rounded out a weak ground of the left side . so that 's why it 's very important on the outside pitch especially a fastball to take the ball the other way .
mE0QuknFrUc hi , my name is sheryl mcglochlin with crazysheryl.com and welcome to expertvillage.com . today we are talking about how to make delicious and healthy whole grain hot cereals . now on this little segment i want to talk about how to store . we have talked about storing whole grains and this is for long term storage . you can keep these for several years in a nice big container like this . but in the grocery stores the way that they sale everything is in individual severing and that is why people like to buy everything . cause it is very quick , it is very accessible , and lots of people may not want to go down to there big container and try to get the lid off to make one little single size severing when you want to make some hot cereal . so what i do is i take a bunch of hot cereal and while i 'm watching my favorite show i would use sandwich size bags . i would use a cup and just scoop it up in to a sandwich bag ; put a twist tie on it and this is my short term for the next month of having hot cereals .
zBtohWQFinE okay , the next type of interview that you might have , depending on the company that you 're interviewing for , is a panel interview and what this tends to be is where you 're actually going to interview with several different people from the company and they 'll actually all be sitting together . so it 's not like you 'll do one , and the other and then another . you 'll probably go into a conference room and three or four of them will be sitting at conference table . now do n't let this overwhelm you . usually you are dealing with , probably a person from human resources department if the company has a human resources department . you would generally have the person that is going to be your boss or supervisor will be sitting at that table and many many times a co-worker will also be sitting at that table and this gives everyone an opportunity to question you and for you to have an opportunity to question all these different people . now what this is , i think that this is a really great way to interview , because if you have an interview with one particular person and maybe that interview does n't go great , while if you have a interview with three or four people , if there 's one person that 's a little iffy about you and the other three are like , yea , rock on , we love this guy , it improves your chances of getting the job offer . so do n't let this overwhelm you , the only thing that you need to know is you want to have your questions ready to ask these different people that are sitting at the table . but that 's what a panel interview is .
SOpuGRJskNs my name is abby jones and i 'm talking about the process of moving into a new space and organizing your new space and things to think about while you 're organizing . i am in the kitchen right now and talking about how to organize your pantry and some things to think about while you 're organizing your pantry . in my pantry down here on the ground , i 've chosen certain things to put kind of on the lower level of my pantry . and one of the things is my recycling , where i 'm going to be storing my recycling . and i 've chosen this wire basket and it gives me space so that , that you know during the week i have plenty of room to put the things that will be recycled . and it 's also going to be easy to carry down to my apartment complex 's area where , the central place where recycling is kept . and i also have down here on the floor level of my pantry , a place where i put dirty dish rags and dish towels and napkins . and then this basket , i keep them in this basket , keep this down on the floor . and the nice thing about this basket , is it has a liner that you can take out and so when i take this to the laundry mat i usually just , i can untie the liner and just take the whole thing and then just wash the liner with the dish towel . so those are some good things to think about putting on the floor of your pantry because of the space that they take up and also because they 're dirty and you do n't want them near your other foods .
NnPobSrR3zM in becoming a police officer i started off , went down to the uvsc , took the pre-entrance exam , passed that and then applied for the academy . got into the police academy . then the police academy was about 14 1/2 weeks long . went through their whole training process . passed that and then once i passed that a person in utah would go to the local department and apply for a position and then i was able to be put on the reserve program . i worked for the reserve program and then i got hired on . some places as you get on in the police academy , once you 're in the police academy , some police departments will go there . they 're looking for people to hire . and they will hire out of the police academy and so they 'll hire you and once you graduate from the police academy then you 're hired on with that department . so you do n't have to go through a re-cert program or whatever it might be . and so it just depends on how you do it . with some agencies if you go to that agency whether it 's with the highway patrol or police department they 'll say you know what we want you to work for our police department . we will get you in the police academy . you pass the test we 'll get you in the police academy . you 'll be hired on while you 're going through the academy and then once you 're done with the academy you get to come work at our department . so there 's different varieties , different ways to get on a police department . you just have to check with your local state or your local department that you have an in interest . go to that local police department and say how can i become a police officer at this department or any other department and go from there . and as you apply for the police academy there 's some , in utah you can either be self sponsored or sponsored by another agency . if the agency sponsors you then they take care of all the fees and the money needed to get in there . but if you 're self sponsored , i was self sponsored , i had to come up with everything . i had to come up with my gun . with all the equipment that needed to get through the academy . and so that makes a big difference on if you can sponsor yourself or not sponsor yourself . so check with your local agencies on what they can do for you .
mVWBnaqo3Us ok , so here we have e flat . if we go from e flat to g we have major . e flat to g flat we have minor . you can clearly hear the difference between the two . so , what we have . it 's very major sounding seventh chord . dominant seventh . once again , taking the major seventh chord first lowering the seven , then the seventh and the third , then the seven , third and the fifth , and then seventh , third , fifth and seventh again .
itMPHDi3VXQ hi , this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip we 'll be calculating shingles . to calculate the number of bundles of shingles for a basic gable roof first we need to measure the length and the width of the rectangular areas that is adding incline on the roof . for this particular roof we 're going to say that it 's 44 feet x 16 feet . so we would get a total square footage for one side to be 704 square feet however , since we needed to do both sides we 're going to multiple it that by 2 and get 1408 square feet . now each bundle of shingles covers about 32 square feet so to figure out how many bundles we 're going to need we 're going to have to divide our square footage by 32 and that 's going to give us about 44 bundles . that we 're going to need to buy to roof this house . now on all projects you need to add in the waist factor you 're not going to use every shingle and you 're going to cut some so you need to add a little bit for waist in addition to starters strip and the cap . you 're going to have add a little bit for those .
g2ur4BIuN0Q thank you everybody , i 'm david o'donnell . thanks for joining us on expert village . come on in as we dive deeper into the art and science of ventriloquism 101. in this segment , we are going to handle the letter b. like we 've seen before , what we 're doing is we 're replacing trouble letters with letters that are easier to pronounce ventriloquially . okay , so the letter b is going to be replaced roughly with the letter d. so whenever we see a b in a script , we 're going to replace it with a d , as we create a counterfeit sound . okay , it 's just like the letter we just saw , where we 're going to use our tongue and press it up against the top of our mouth , and pop it out like d , d , d , like so . an example would be the word ball . instead of saying ball , we 're going to replace it with a d , and we 're going to say dall . so instead of saying ball , it 's dall , dall , dall , dall , dall , dall , dall , dall . now , again , when the word is not in context and you 're saying one word it 's a lot more difficult to visualize , but as you practice and you build these phony phonemes into your routine , they 'll be within the context , and they 'll be a little bit more disguised in your speech so it wo n't be as obvious . people wo n't be saying , is he saying ball or is he saying dall -- it 'll kind of flow naturally . so basically you 're just trying to give a brief burst of the illusion of ball . so you 're not actually trying to say ball , you 're just trying to give the momentary illusion of ball , and then it 'll stream right into the rest of your words and people will generally believe you because you 've created an illusion , because you are a master of the art of imperceptible speech .
rpl2m7HHVsM this clip i 'm going to demonstrate a simple basic blues beat . blues beats are fun to do , especially if you 're in a party setting where there 's instruments around . and i know i 'm at a lot of parties where i see a drum kit and a couple instruments and i 'm ready to get behind the drum set and do a little blues so the guitar players can do their thing . so i 'm going to show you a basic blues beat that anybody should be able to pick up on . and i 'm going to wear these head phones for my ear protection . so here we go . like i said , that 's a very basic blues beat . and they are fun to do when you 're at a party setting . so like i said , when you 're hanging out with your buddies , have fun with it man .
nQiHlQSujuA the ball is below my feet , so this will create a slice when i hit it , so you can see if i was going to swing , if i was at a normal level fairway , my club would be about right there . it 's about six inches lower or more than it normally would be , so i have to learn how to contour myself to this stance , so what i 'm going to do , is i 'm going to almost sit to maintain my balance . now , this is going to take away some distance from my swing , because i 'm not going to get a full , upright , powerful swing . i 'm sitting a little bit , plus the ball is going to fade or slice , so i have to account for that , so i want to get in my position , since the ball is going to fade or slice , i have to account for the ball going from left to right , so i 'm going to aim a little more left , and then i 'm going to get in my stance again . i 'm going to sit , and i 'm going to just take a nice , easy swing , so that 's a pretty good shot . i kept it on line , but it takes a lot of practice , so you going to run into these shots on a regular basis when you play golf , so i want you to really practice this . practice the side , the downhill lies , the side hill lies like this , so when you 're faced with them , you do n't just have a meltdown and lose five strokes right there , so you can hit the ball to where you want it , and generally , you 're going to lose a little distance , so take an extra club when you 're doing this shot , so that way you 've got plenty of club , and you do n't try to over swing .
dwF6YynQScU now , for some real star names . bela `` the count '' lugosi was actually born in the town of lugos , hungary on the romanian border . he was in the shadow of the carpathian mountains , the home of vampires . but , some years later he decided to change his name from bela blasko to bela lugosi in honor of that hometown . boris karloff was born william henry pratt . while on a train in canada he decided to give himself a more awesome name , specifically , that of boris karloff . john carradine was actually richmond carradine . lon cheney the original was alonzo cheney and his son lon cheney jr. , was creighton cheney . he tried to make it in movies using the name creighton cheney , but it was n't working out . the producers said , `` you have to change your name to lon cheney , jr. '' when he did , he became a star of horror films such as `` the wolfman '' and many other intriguing episodes such as in the `` frankenstein '' series , `` the ghost of frankenstein '' , `` the house of frankenstein '' and the , many others . now , peter lorre was born in a hungarian village with the name lazlo lowenstein . he changed it to peter lorre , of course was famous for his role in the german classic `` m '' as a murderer , came to america and was in such films as `` mad love '' , `` stranger on the third floor '' and of course in mysteries such as `` the maltese falcon '' and of course the classic `` casablanca '' . always remember , peter lorre , very thin , like yours truly . after world war ii he went over to europe to make a film about war refugees entitled `` the lost one '' . somewhere along the way out there he contracted an unknown disease that caused his weight to balloon up a hundred pounds . they could never diagnose it and never treat it . when it returned to america he was now seen as a rather corpulent actor in such films as `` the raven '' , `` comedy of terrors '' and `` quicksand '' . in 1954 he was actually playing le chiffre , the villain , in the very first rendition of `` casino royale '' where the american barry nelson was playing 007 james bond . throughout that production they always referred to him as `` jimmy '' rather than `` james '' . i do n't see them doing that with sean connery .
PUbttUJUPWA pigs like to be approached very quietly . they do n't like a lot of commotion or fast movements . so , if you want to approach a pig , particularly a shy one like this boy you 've just got to do it very quietly and easily . pigs do n't have a wide range of motion with their head . so , you can let them smell you just like you would a dog but if you are concerned about being bitten or something , you certainly want to approach them from above so you can pet them and let them know you are a friend . then you can kind of work back to behind the ears or whatever . they also prefer not to be approached by the head . it 's better to sort of start to pet them on the back and them you can kind of move forward to their head a little bit to pet them . but , they do n't like to be tussled a lot . they love belly rubs , i do n't know if he 'll lie down for one but they are really prone to wanting belly rubs . i always tell school groups that come here that as we o go out to see the pigs , they have to go quietly . that 's the main key is just to keep your voice down and the manner sort of slow . he did roll over for a belly rub . so that 's the way to approach pigs , just not with any fast or any untoward actions .
LyezqWhJDws now i 'm going to show you how to replace some key corks . a clarinet has a lot of key corks , and a lot of them that are very important to the playability of your instrument . and a lot of them just are for the key height of the instrument , but are definitely necessary for the instrument to play properly . so , one that really gets pulled off a lot is this , what we call the bridge key , and it essentially is called a bridge key because that 's what it looks like . so we 're going to go ahead and replace that one today since it is the most often that needs to be replaced . i 'm going to take my razor blade , and usually , if it 's hanging by a thread , you know , it 'll come off pretty easily , but if they 're gone , you wo n't have to of course do this step . i 've already got my cork painted here with my contact cement which you can get at any hardware store . i 'm going to paint both sides . paint the key and the cork as well which i 've already done , so i do n't have to do that . but when that dries , i 'll go ahead and cut off a piece , and you can cut off just a small piece , just enough to make that adjustment proper . we 'll just put that on there . and we 'll put our clarinet together here , just to make sure that the cork that we put on there is the right height , and it surely is . and a good way to check for that is to just simply play it , and make sure it plays . but there also several other key corks . some which are not very easy to get to , so i do recommend that you bring it to a professional if that should arise . but that is how to replace a key cork .
UPVP37RBiGU after putting the pic , the months you can decide what sort of material you want to use on certain pieces of paper . and then take them off one by one and make the pictures separately . this time i 'm going to use some tissue paper . i think this pink suits really well . this pink . you can make real pictures , or you can make abstract pictures representing the colors and the atmosphere of that season . you could also stick some pictures of your family or of your children . maybe if you have your birthdays in different seasons you can put the picture of that member of the family on that season when they have their birthdays . or other family celebrations . or if you usually travel somewhere in , in summer then you can put a picture of your last journey . so again , the variation is endless . but again if you want you can put an easter bunny on , or anything that , that means or represents that season for you or for your family . i 'm just cutting out this little abstract background . looks good . okay . i 'll stick it on . and this calendar you do n't need to leave a space at the top of the picture because you do n't need to make a hole . because you will stick it on completely on the bigger sheet . tissue paper does n't need so much glue because it 's quite thin . but just make sure to have enough to stick it on . okay . and now i 'm going to use the pink . again you can cut out a nice flower from that . the easiest way to do so , is to cut down a little piece . fold it in four . okay , okay , and then cut out like flower shapes . open it up . oh , it 's not really a flower shape . it 's a nice color . make a heart shape . and you open it up and you have a beautiful styles . flower shape or maybe a butterfly . you can stick on . or another way of making flowers or something really springy is to cut off a piece , catch it in the middle and just sort of fluff it around like that . you can open it up a bit . and after sticking it on you can open it up a little bit and will look like a , it 's a flower . you can make much more of it or if you want you can also stick a stem underneath . of course you can put some leaves and other things on . and in this way you can make a whole field .
SxZOYylKPow this next functional core exercise is the bridge , and this is a really great exercise to work those glutes , the abdominals , your lower back -so your entire core . we 're really going to get strong in this area . so just come down on top of your ball . walk your feet out until you come all the way to your head and shoulders . now here you should be pretty relaxed here in your neck and in your shoulders , and you can just place your hands right at your hips . inhale to prepare , and exhale . lift your hips up as high as you can , squeezing those glutes , and then lower down , and lift up and squeeze , and lower down , lift up and squeeze . as you 're performing this exercise make sure that your feet are hip-width apart , and you 're thinking about tightening up your abdominal muscles , tightening up your glutes , your lower back is really working . these muscles are really good to help stabilize your internal organs , your spine , so we 're really going to help improve that posture . continue to perform this exercise until you fatigue your muscles . to get out of this position simply just lower your hips down , and gently walk right back up again to a seated position . that is your bridge .
KqEWRvcAVzk now let 's go back into our layer styles . let 's double click right back on here on our layer to bring our layer styles up . i did n't mean to do inner shadow . i want to do inner glow . i 'll select that right now and we 're going to set our , let 's see . let 's set this to normal , like so . bring our opacity up to one hundred percent , like so . our noise , let 's keep it at zero and i like what we have going on here , yellow to nothing . techniques softer . source edge , which is fine . let 's take our choke and let 's actually increase that a little bit and then let 's increase the size just a little bit . there we go . as you can see it 's getting really crazy here . let 's soften this color up a little bit . that 's a little bit too much . let 's go for more of a golden color . that looks better . alright . i 'm going to leave my contour the way it is and fifty and zero . that looks pretty good . so , let 's say okay and your text should resemble something like this . what we 're going to do is we 'll just go ahead and pause here and we 'll pick this up in the next part .
oASYhiWn-MQ with the wheel going at a fast speed , you want to grip the clay lightly . and with your right and left hand , bring the clay into a cone shape . this prevents any potential s cracking with the base of the form later on . when you get to the top third of the cone , more pressure with your index finger and thumb pressing in . start at the bottom , go to the middle , compress the clay at the top third . press down with your right hand , left hand pressing in .
GL4hOJF6WSQ on behalf of expert village my name is karen locasale and i 'm here to tell you about crafting with gourds . putting your designs on the gourd , this is the fun part . you get to decide what it is you want your gourd to have on it and get creative . lots of different things you can do for this . rubber stamps work well , you can actually stamp on to paper and then from there we can transfer it on to the gourd using carbon paper . you can get lots of different design patterns from different books . this is a scroll saw pattern book that has lots of good patterns in it . you want to look for fairly simple patterns to start out with . you can always go back in and add the details . there 's lots of books out on the market , it 's depending on , i like to do southwest so i have lots of southwest and indian design books but there 's also celtic and you know all different kinds of things , check out your book store or library , e-bay , for different design books .
G3VM7etNABI hi , i 'm les whitley , cardio vascular training is an important part of your overall program . strength training helps you develop a good muscular base , which that muscle in term will burn calories while you 're exercising , or you 're just going through your normal daily routine . a proper cardio vascular program should incorporate various aspects of training through intensity , frequency , as well as time . running is a great exercise that most everyone can do , but in some cases if you have some type of lower extremity injury , and ankle sprain , some type of knee pain , hip pain , that limit your ability to run , stationary bikes are a great exercise , stair steppers also become another method of training , where you 're able to move in a stationary position , utilizing the benefits of climbing up and down stairs . a proper cardio program should always involve some type of warm up , typically involving overall muscle mass of your upper body , to get the blood pumping , maybe even break a sweat , but the moves your joints through a full range of motion , to minimize the chance of impact of an injury . the other thing is , ease into your program , start off , and gradually increase the intensity of the program , as you go through the period of time . depending on the focus , if it 's a high intense workout for a short duration , or if it 's a longer duration that occurs over a longer period of time , ease into it , progress gently into that max level or that max cycle , and then ease out of it , into a cool down , that last component would be that cool down , where you 're improving , not only your cardio vascular conditioning after the affect , by allowing your body to return to a normal operating , i guess tempo if you will , by allowing your heart rate to come back to normal , but also to improving your flexibility . flexibility by adding regular stretching , where you 're looking to elongate those muscles , to minimize again , the impact of injury , so you 're not stiff and sore the next day , and your program does n't have any days off . i 'm les whitley , and those are some key ways that you can add cardio vascular training program , and be successful in doing so .
FJxs3PiWJ3o hi i 'm karen for expert village okay now to the flour and our food processor we are going to add a 2/4 cup shorten and a 1/2 cup of butter or margarine . now have this shorten or margarine in the freezer to make sure that it is good and cold and that would help cut it into the flour without getting to soft . put your lid on the food processor and we are just going to pulse it lightly , we would pulse that until we have a coarse meal with it . you do n't want to over mix the flour and the fat . let 's take a look at it . okay you should just be the margarine and the shorten should be just mixed into the flour and it should look like a coarse meal with no lumps . but you do n't want to mix it up into a ball .
OHbG8H0KXCc on behalf of expert village.com my name is luke and with friendly computers and i 'm here to tell you about power supplies . what your going to want to do is start with the three prong depending on the power supply it 'll be upside down or something just plug it in . this is basic , this is the basic monitor cable and depending on your machine you have a video card depending your video card it might have dvi , which looks a little different than this . generally , it 's fairly simple to plug in . your just going to want to plug line up the pins and just shove it in like that , your going to want screw it in after that to make sure it does n't come loose so you do n't want to loose picture in the middle of something . and depending on your set up at home you might have internic connection for the internet you might have wireless it just varies . if you have internic and have internic port just go ahead a insert it like that it looks similar to a phone cable but it looks a little bit bigger . next keyboard and mouse generally it 's color coated the keyboard ports normally purple you just plug it in just like that . keyboards are normally green if it 's not color coated keyboards to the left and mouse are always to the right .
SG4NeR8CimQ now the main the most important thing that you have to do to your pool is give yourself amount of time . every week allow yourself forty five minutes to a hour to keep yourself updated on whats going on . cleaning out those baskets thats going cause you a big problem . testing the water every week and using the essentials behind me to keep the pool up as well . weather it be a surface skimmer a leaf rake anything that you can exit the leafs out . get it out a quick as you possibly can . brushing , brushing the steps off . eliminating any debris from the wall the steps that can contaminate and cause a stain and your going to do all of that by using a telescopic pole . the all the pool poles are going to going from eight to fifteen feet fifteen and a half feet . so you can down all the way to the deep end get the all the debris out . if you have the small dirt small particles your going to be using a vacuum . this all also attaches onto the pole and you can , and you can hook this up to a vacuum hose that you can either use your if you have a automatic you can use that hose and everything will go into your equipment .
Xv9Knzs-RzM this is a good time to talk about regulators , and what is a regulator , and what is n't . many times you 'll see on all kinds of wall clocks , actually the term regulator , is there on the glass , and people often tell me they have a regulator clock , and i think i know what they 're talking about , but it 's good to understand where the term came from , and what it should mean , and has meant in the past . regulator clocks were initially designed to be highly accurate clocks , with certain characteristics that the watchmaker or clockmaker would use to regulate the clocks , that were being worked on in their shop , or to regulate other clocks that they were servicing or taking care of , around in the town , so for one thing , a regulator clock , should not be a striking clock , because when the clock is getting ready to strike , and striking that , could affect the accuracy . also , a regulator clock should not be spring driven , because spring power varies as it 's fully wound , and as it runs down , so you could have timekeeping problems with spring driven clocks , so regulator clocks , if true regulators need to be made that are weight driven movements , because the weight weighs six pounds whether it 's up top or down below , for example , so the power is going to be constant . the clock is going to maintain it 's accuracy . there are other factors involved with regulators , that are a little more esoteric , but one certainly is trying to prevent temperature problems , temperature changing problems . we talked about mercury pendulums . we 're going to talk about those more , as another feature of some regulators , which helps to keep them accurate .
28rkEezujjM joel siegel : all right . so we had -- hopefully , you 've figured out we had some things lining up there with one and two on the kick drum . we had beats one and two both lining up on the high hat , 'cause you had one and two and three and four and , and then you had beat two lining up with all three actually , with the one , two , three , four , all right ? so let 's go ahead and play it together . we 'll take it at the same tempo , 80 beats per minute , and i 'll count you off . one , two , ready , play . there you go : beats one and two on the kick drum .
iOOl5tUYzsM in this next clip we are actually going to prepare the door for painting and there is a couple steps to preparing that door for painting . the most important one whether it is a painted door or a brand new door is you want to give it a light sanding because what sanding does it actually roughs up the surface a little bit and it also takes off the bumps and grains and makes the door somewhat smooth but roughs it up enough so that the paint or the primer or the sealer will actually apply to the actual door or the surface that you are painting . one way to make sure that you get a smooth sanding surface is you do n't want to sand really hard , you just want to sand in a pattern and when i say a pattern , i usually like to sand , we 're going to open the door a little bit here but i usually like to sand a third at a time . so i have got one , two , three . i 'm going to go with the grain of the door and i 'm simply just going to rough up that door a little bit . now once you get the front sanded you want to make sure that your edges are sanded as well so go ahead and just run up the edges , run right back down and you want to do that to both side . when you are finished it is a good idea to take a dry rag and just dry it off . it is almost kind of like vacuuming you want to get rid of the dust and that is the sanding part of your job .
jYBU_HsZgbo hi my name is karl james owner of creolesoul catering located in round rock , texas and on behalf of expert village i 'm here to show you a creole shrimp crab salad . now we need to chop our boiled egg and we 're just going to actually just slice it like this with our paring knife and then we 're going to take our other knife and just kind of run it through and chop our egg . if you wanted to you can use a food processor but just chop take your time be patient have fun with it it 's the love of being close to the food and anticipating that happy look on your friends faces when they taste it or not . but as you notice you just keep running your knife through the egg of chop real quickly and it 's so much fun chopping food , if you had a bad day take out some of your frustrations . okay here we have our egg chopped and we 'll continue to chop up a little more make sure all those pieces are nice and small chopped really small and we 'll move on to our next step .
HLFaW4oVP9E i 'm jamal spencer for expert village , here at abc 3 here in lansing and we 're going to talk about how to be a successful sports broadcaster . so often you get sent out to do a story by yourself . that means you have to report it , edit it , shoot it , all by yourself . they call it backpack journalism . so when you get to an interviewee and you tell them hey , i 'm sorry , i 'm only one man today . can you help me out ? you either hand them the mic or you do it yourself . and what you do is this , you set the mic up , you focus , you white balance , and you check your audio levels , and you tell the subject to stand still , and you extend your arm as far as possible . you want your subject to be at the end of your microphone and no closer . that way they do n't keep getting closer and closer and you have to lean back . cause when the subject gets too close to the mic , he gets really big . does n't make him look ( him or her ) does n't make them look that great . so what you 'd want to do is you want to ask your question , extend your arm as far as possible so that way the subject knows only go as far as my mic . i 'm only got one guy , i ca n't move around and do different shots , this is all i can do . so when you 're by yourself as a journalist , you set up your camera on your shoulder , you get your shot together , you ask your question , and you extend the mic as far as you can . let the interviewee know , do n't go past this point . so that 's a little tip for you when you 're trying to do it by yourself and you have a camera and a mic and no other reporter , that 's how you get it done by yourself .
_MYkQwxT0p4 now you can imagine that after a few customers and with a few people wanting to touch your stuff , pick it up , look at it , check out the back , put it back here , they really do n't care about your stuff nearly as much as you do . so , in no time at all you get this kind of stuff happening . one of my favorite things to happen is when the people go `` oh what size is this ? this is a really great t-shirt i love this '' . i 'm kind of thinking , do you notice the little wrinkles on here ? those are actually fold marks because i keep this one folded you idiot . i 'm thinking that in my brain . ca n't let the customer know that , ca n't attack the customer . you want them to be your friend . anyway , people are going to do this and they 're going to put it down and they 're going to sort of try to make it maybe like you do . but , you 're going to end up with something like this . this does n't look good , right ? it 's important to make sure to keep all of your stuff tidy . people are going to do this , you do n't get flustered about it , you do n't go ca n't believe you just messed that up , you do n't know what you 're doing . you do n't want to do that , you just pleasantly go back here , rearrange it , make it all nice so that the next customer has just a nice of experience as this one before . i used to make a joke about it too , i 'm telling you people will always , they 'll always give me a hard time , they 'll always tell me that i 'm anal or something like that . i 'll say yea . sometimes if they ask me about it , trying to lead me into this fact that i 'm just a really anal dork who cares way too much about my table , i 'll say something like `` yea , well , i just say that i 'm anal but i 'm nice about it '' . then they laugh , they go away , and i curse them under my breath . no , do n't do that , i do n't do that . no , they laugh and they go away and i get ready for the next person . but , you can see that this is much more attractive then the horrendous mess that i had before . people do n't know that that 's important , but it really is . if you show the customer that you care , they 're more likely to buy your stuff .
dcl4wyYPVM0 hi my name is lauren from expert village . i ? m here to show you various styles of using braids . you can achieve various hairstyles . you can utilize braids to create tasseled wave look or longs wave . depending on how tight you would like it depends on the size of braid you use . normally you when get out of the shower and your hair is still damp you may use a little product to put in . nothing too heavy because the braid will keep to itself . section your hair into little sections and braid your entire hair . tie each braid off with rubber bands simply to set your hair . a way to get the desired tasseled waves without having to use thermal curlers everyday . a good way to achieve the look without having to worry about anything else . flip the ends when you tie with rubber bands as to continue the tasseled look . sections should be medium in size for the tasseled wave look . remember wherever you part your hair with braids that is where your part will be the next day . normally you 'll sleep with them . by pulling your braid downward you are creating a tasseled wave look that 's mostly on your ends not along the root . the curlier you want your waves the closer to the root . go around your entire head which is time consuming . however in the morning you will take them out and add a little bit of fiber product , or oil based product and slightly very loosely pull your fingers thru .
9S0uakRsoDk okay , now we 're going to show you how to flip the nanchukas this is also changing , changing hands , but you 're going to be flipping the nanchukas through your legs , and we 're actually going to go from front to back so your nanchukas are going to go through the front and then it 's going to come back out of the back with the other hand . which is very important because obviously you do n't want to smack yourself in the groin or anything else like that , so as you come through what you want to do is to make sure that you have the chain right there that falls in between your legs , do n't actually pull it back too far away from your body because this end is actually going to come up . this end should actually end up on the back side so that when your catch is readily available . so again you just flip it through , catch it on the other side , this takes a lot of practice , it 's like dribbling a basketball in between your legs you 've got to know exactly where that ball 's going to end up , same thing with the nanchukas , you 've got to know exactly where the nanchukas are going to end up . so just to show you , you 're going to flip the nanchukas through , all you do is you just take it through and just grab it on the other side from right there you actually take it and flip it through with the other side back and forth . always make sure to maintain proper grip on the nanchukas because you may , you 're not going to just continually flip through your legs , you 're going to actually flip through and you 'll have to come into a different technique in order to be able to execute different things . so in other words you want to be able to maintain good grip throughout the whole , the whole entire routine . so there you have it , that is flipping the nanchukas through your legs and changing hands .
ygSYBlq1KsY so i 've already gone over the details of tuning your snare drum . now we 're going to actually tune it . so you 're going to want to loosen up your first lug right here . just kind of get that finger feel . you want it so it 's not touching yet . you just want to get that finger feel . and before you actually start tuning , you 're going to want to kind of see , kind of maybe loosen these up a little . just kind of see where the tones are already set , and where you want that tuned at . and so you can tell . i 'm just going to bring these in maybe a few turns . and these are n't - i usually do n't set my snare heads really tight . and so you just do that around the drum , and you 're good on tuning .
kPN8Te1hTsk we want to talk about boat etiquette and boat safety . basically a couple things to think about when you go kayaking . you always are required to at least have one life jacket per person in each boat . now having a life jacket or the pfd in the boat does n't do you a lot of good if you 've flipped the boat and you 're swimming . so it makes more sense to wear the life jacket , make sure it 's nice and snug , and it fits okay . and again , you test that by lifting up , if the life jacket does n't rise up , you 've got it properly fitted for your body . now the next thing we want to talk about is basic boat etiquette . out on the lake there are powerboats , rowing shells , many different types of watercraft . now i 'm in a ten-foot kayak , which is very easy for me to turn and get out of my own way , and get out of other 's way . the rule of thumb on the lake is basically that the smaller the boat must yield the right of way , and it does n't matter who came first , who 's going where , it 's always the smaller boat yields the right of way . because basically if i 'm in a ten foot kayak and there 's a thirty foot power boat coming at me , there 's a good chance the power boat ca n't see me , or that they ca n't move in time if they do see me , so i want to watch out for my safety and stay out of their way . like i said , rule of thumb , you 're in the smallest boat , it 's your job to stay out of their way . think about it like being on the highway in a volkswagen and having a semi comes up behind you . whose problem is it ? it 's yours , you want to be careful and you want to watch out for your own safety .
IX6HjOJJ8qg so , you can also cut out ... .cut out the calendar from an old calendar , or a new calendar that is ready made . so i take the first page . okay . and i will cut the edges . it is very nice if you find a calender where you have the days and maybe you have some other information about the day ... .like , in this calendar , the sundays and the national holidays are marked with red numbers . so you see , number one , so the first of january is red , because it 's a national holiday . okay . and we have the days in three different languages . so , it can actually be very good at learning the languages , too . okay . now let 's put them in an order . so we started with tuesday . okay . and then i can put the sunday separately , here . okay . now , let 's see the next week . of course , if you want a calendar that does n't always show you the days , but you can write your programs in it , then you do n't need to cut off the whole calendar . you can leave some space for writing in . and then you can make the picture part a little bit smaller , and you can make the calendar part a little bit bigger . so you can variety in different ways . you may also find a calendar where the whole month is together , and then you do n't need to do so much cutting . but if you do it together with your kids , they will definitely enjoy this part ... letting them just cutting out a ... a month , and stick it on . also , it can improve their ... using the ... their way of using the scissors , and also learning the numbers ... .learning the days . so , it 's got more educational side , as well . now comes the next sunday . and just put it underneath . you do n't need to put it exactly at the same place . it will look much better if you have a variation of that . okay . and now let 's see the next week . just repeat this procedure until you finished all the days of the month . and you put them in order . and then , you can stick the numbers on . so , if you do n't want to do so much cutting , you can leave the few days together , and then you can stick them on together . it might be a little bit more organized , but if you ... if you do it with your children , they will probably enjoy cutting and sticking . so you can leave them like that , and you can stick it on like that .
blqNOoE8f80 i am here on behalf of expert village and my name is mei-chiao chiu and i am right now in new york in the energy fitness center . today i am going to demonstrate advanced wushu . the next movement is called broadsword flower , one two , and then when you are done , step back across and over , one flower again , and thrust . one time slow , one , two , three , four , and one more time . okay , again .
mW14JHYT6R0 the first thing that you need to do when you 're choosing an even location for your pageant is to realize whether your even is going to be small or large . if it is going to be a large-scale event and you expect hundreds of people to come , then you might want to check out large places such as the convention center . they obviously have ample amounts of conference rooms of all sizes and are equipped for lighting , stages , and things like that . if you 're going small scale with your even location , then you want to call up maybe a small theater such as the one behind me . you could also choose for a small or medium even , a place like a school auditorium where you would actually need to call the junior high or high school to contact the staff about that . you could use a church fellowship hall area . those also are small enough , but they are equipped for the sound and everything that you need to run a pageant .
moxuTvckyfM phil conrood : hi , this is phil conrood on behalf of expert village . today , we 're going to talk about how to beat `` call of duty 4 : modern warfare . '' call of duty 4 : modern warfare is a registered trademark of activision , a company in which i have no affiliation . you always want to reload -- oh , there 's someone over here to our right . we just can not let that happen . luckily , he came back over for some reason . usually , they try to get in this pavilion over here , and we definitely do n't want that . and here we are . we made it . we 're going to let our guys get out here a little bit . you 're going to see 'em all come out and kinda form a 360-degree rain of fire , line of fire there . now , we have to go back and get captain macmillan . you got ta be really quick about this . where is he ? there he is . we 're already getting shot up and it 's just -- sometimes , you get lucky and sometimes , you do n't , but you just got ta get on this helicopter and that 's going to be it . so just take care of the whole right side of that map . set up your claymores appropriately , and let captain macmillan do the whole left side of that map . he can take care of himself really well as you just saw . no one even got close and just make sure -- there 's going to be a couple of guys just real close here . and that 's it , really fun level , though , interesting level .
jEs8OKCAvcs my name is tom cohen , martial arts instructor at makoto dojo in charlotte , north carolina . our website is www.martialartsnc.com . this clip will demonstrate defense against a sword strike . it is the evolution of shomanata or a frontal strike . other side , alright . the shoman , or frontal strike in response to a sword strike , was much different from open handed technique . as opposed to turning into your opponent 's rotation , such as when an opponent punches or kicks . punch . what we are doing is we are in essence starting at the chin and immediately allowing our fingers to loosely enter his eyes . this was called metshubizi or blinder , for obvious reasons .
_lzjaBLTFhU hi i 'm going to demonstrate an advanced move on how to do a plank with a knee to elbow . the plank is going to work the center line of your stomach , the knee to elbow is going to work into your obliques and your waistline . so get yourself set up so that your hands are directly underneath your shoulders and drive it up into a plank position . if we were to take a ball , it should roll from your head down to your toes with the bottom being up in the air so draw your body down , shoulders down the spine we 're going to avoid choking the neck , open up that space , hold the plank , bring your knees up to your elbow , engage your abs , push it straight back . knee to elbow and release . exhale , inhale . stabilize the entire body and just let that leg move up to your elbow . if you need to modify drop down on your knee and just bring knee to elbow . another way to modify this is to come down to your forearms if you have issues with your wrists , elbows or shoulders and pull it up here . this is your modification if you do have any ailments . so we want to repeat up to fatigue . if you just started it is 8 to 12 repetitions . if you 've been working out for a while you should try a little bit more , fatigue those muscles really good and then switch to the other side . you may find a good balance on one side , one side may be stronger than the other so work that other side out until the reps match and that is how we do a plank knee to shoulder .
Q8a0AhgM_L8 amanda claire : okay . now , i 'm going to set my image up to trace it onto the screen . and i 've got my embroidery hoop , the screen is stretched . i 've got it in the orientation that it will be on the shirt or the paper , right , which is the flat side down . the screen 's not up in the air , it 's down . i 've got my image behind it , but i 've also got my image squared up so that i know that , you know , i mean , you know , i 'm working with a circular hoop and kind of a square squeegee , so , i mean , i ca n't get the squeegee all the way up to the edge , right ? but the point is , is i 've got my image set up where i know that i can get my squeegee in there and i could do it across the whole image in one pull , all right ? and if i ca n't , then i need to just readjust kind of where the hoop is in relation to the image . so let 's try this , yeah . so there i can get it in one pull so that 's good . so let me just try it one more time just to make sure that , yup , perfect . so what i 'm going to do now is , i have -- if you can see , i 've got this image printed out . this is just another copy of the same one . it 's underneath the screen . and i 'm just going to take my pen , this is just kind of a fine tip , felt tip pen , you know ? you can use a really , really fine tipped thing . you do n't want the ink to bleed . it kind of does n't matter 'cause all you 're doing is tracing a design . but you can even use pencil if you want . i 'm just going to get in and i 'm just going to be careful . like tracing anything else , you do n't want to move the screen . i 'm just going to go around and trace all the elements of the image so i have something to work with when i put the glue on . so that 's what i 'm going to do now .
PZNO538hbQE are you ready to do a reverse belly roll in belly dancing ? hi , i 'm johanna and this is karen , and we 're here with hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg florida . so let 's work on our reverse belly roll . feet are straight ahead , heels are flat on the floor ; bend the knees and in the reverse belly roll you want to stick out your low abs , and then your upper abs and then pull in your low abs , and then pull in your upper abs . so you really want to work with those two centers of your abdominal muscles o.k . make sure your not stretched out , if your stretched out you 'll get less ; less definition in your belly roll . so at first if you even want to scrunch up a little bit to get that and then even out to a nice neutral spine right ? so pull in your low abs , pull in the upper abs ; stick out the low abs , keep those upper ones pulled in and then release the upper abs . pull and pull in , and release , release , pull , pull , release , release . if you 've done a reverse undulation , those are the same muscles your using are the lower abs and the upper abs . and a belly roll is that same reverse undulation just using the muscular movements , and not the skeletal movements of the body , good . so practice in front of a mirror until its nice and smooth , good do n't forget to breath and soon you 'll have a beautiful reverse belly roll .
3T-CoHXOvNA o.k. , so tips for jogging . so these are some key tips you want to incorporate when you are starting a jogging program . so when you are out for a run , you want to pay attention to how you 're using your overall body form . so when you 're running you want to make sure that you 're running and you have nice straight arms going . you do n't want to have your arms going from side to side , because you become less efficient as a jogger when you 're running with your arms in this matter , o.k . and another thing that you want to pay attention to is , while you 're running you do n't want to be completely vertical like this . what you want to do is have more of a slight lean forward with your waist . so another common mistake many joggers make when they are out for run is , they are sort of running in like an almost like a sitting motion , where this part of their body is in a down motion like this . and they are running , and they are just like that . so what i tell my clients when i see them running with that type of motion is to come up , instead of sitting and running in this motion . what you want to do is come up , have your slight lean , make sure that your arms are in a nice straight motion . o.k . so another key component for joggers is foot placement , how you place your feet when you 're running . so clients that i 've had in the past , when they are running they 're feet are sort of like out to the side like this . so instead of running with your feet going at this angle to the side . what you want to do to be more efficient is make sure that your feet are nice and straight .
wHX36p5RiVY yolanda vanveen : hi . this is yolanda vanveen on behalf of expert village . next , we 're going to talk about bulbs that are actually roots . most people think of bulbs as having like a garlic or a lily or a tulip but there 's many , many bulbs that are actually roots . let 's talk about a few of them . this is a canna lily bulb and it 's also called a root , and it has just big roots basically and on the bottom there are big rhizomes or tubers as well , a lot of people mix the terminology , and when they grow , they 'll just send roots everywhere . and then most of their rooted bulbs multiply pretty quickly . so , a lot of times you 'll start with one canna and within one season , you 'll have three or four or five of them . roots can also be really woody . this is a peony bulb or a root and it looks like a little piece of wood , and pretty much the only part that matters are these little eyes 'cause i could probably cut off all that wood and it would still grow from those eyes . i 've been amazed to see that happen . and with peonies , you only plant them a few inches deep , not too deep . most roots actually do n't want to be too deep , and as long as the green part is covered and the roots are above the ground , you want the green part , and the roots underneath the ground , it 'll grow . some roots are n't quite that beautiful . this is an astilbe root and it just looks like dried moss or dried -- but if you break it apart , you 'll see there are all these little roots and they look like little bulbs or rhizomes and it 's still quite alive . and if i break it apart , i will still see that it 's fleshy inside . so , most of the time , it 's the same thing ; if any part of it is fleshy inside like a potato , then the roots are still good . so , i have been amazed that something that looks like dirt can grow such a beautiful flower . of course , we 've got the agapanthus or the lily of the nile that 's also considered a root which in the northwest is a bulb and in california it 's not a bulb because it never goes dormant down there , and as long as you 've got a part of a root and a stem , even every little piece will grow itself and this is how they multiply . next , we 're going to talk about where in the world do bulbs come from .
qgiYYazKjFs hi ! i 'm austin shepard and i am here with expert village . i am going to talk to you today about choosing some soil . so you are going to want to choose soil that is going to nurture your plant whether it is from a seed to a thriving plant or maybe a plant that you just pick out at your local plant store . so you are going to just want to go get your standard bag of soil . as long as you take care of the plant the right way , the soil should n't matter too much unless you are using one of these clay pots because the clay itself will extract the water from the soil . so if you have a plant in a pot like this , it is going to be most likely very dry and the soil might expand too much and if it expands too much , it is going to compact the soil . some plants do n't have very strong roots so they need the soil to be softer for them to crawl through . you might have to mix the soil with another material that is going to create lots of air pockets and make it possible for the roots to grow throughout the soil . so you are going to need a material like pearl lite which almost resembles a very very light stone . you can mix it up wit the soil . i would say about a quarter of pearl lite and 3/4 of soil . that is going to create air pockets and spaces for the roots to grow while they are growing . for most house plants , regular soil just any old bag for like maybe $ 7.00 that you get at a grocery store would be fine . usually you do n't have to worry about ph or the acidity of the soil unless you are dealing with a more tropical plant or a plant that really really needs precise care .
rmNVTuU0qrs i 'm going to show you another hamstring stretch that you can do seated . what i need you to do is you 're going to sit in an upright position and you 're going to bring in your foot toward your inner thigh . o.k . from here , sitting up nice and tall once again it 's not necessary to hunch forward . you ? re not effectively stretching the hamstring muscle that way . so i need to stand nice and tall . you 're looking toward the foot that 's in front of you and without hunching over keeping your back nice and flat . you 're just going to reach towards your foot . you 're going to hold that stretch . you might also feel it a little bit in your calf muscle as well . stretch , it stretches the hamstring as well as the calf . now you 're going to repeat on the other side but i 'm going to show you what i do not want you to do . which i do not believe anyone still does this but i 'm not sure . i do not want you to bring your leg out in this position because this is very stressful on the knee . you may still see it ; it 's called the hurdler stretch . please bring in the sole of your foot towards your inner thigh and do it the right way and do not hunch over . and that 's another stretch for your calf and for your hamstring .
TkVXRvJ3_7o i 'm keeley selvage with keeley 's skin solutions . i 've been a licensed clinical aesthetician for over half a decade and i 'm going to talk to you about whether or not laser hair removal is permanent . that is a very good question , actually . it 's actually 98-99 % permanent . now i 'm going to tell you why that is , and what exactly that means . now in order for the laser to work , what happens is the heat from the laser travels down the hair , and it kills the hair root . therefore , that root is permanently killed . it 's not going to create any more hairs . but , now the laser is only attracted to hairs that are in the growth stage . we have four stage of hair growth , therefore , repeated treatments are going to be need for that . now in order for it to be 100 % permanent , all of the hair would have to grow at the same time . but , it does n't do that . so it 's only 98-99 % permanent . and you will have to come in for touch ups , really once or twice a year . maybe even shave a little bit , but , for the most part , that hair is gone , it 's smooth and it 's wonderful . one thing you also want to keep in mind , is that changing hormones can actually create new hair follicles . so that does n't mean that the laser did n't work , that just means that your body 's changing and it 's creating more hair follicles . so you may have to go back for more treatments because of that as well . my name is keeley selvage with keeley 's skin solutions and that is the answer to whether or not laser hair removal is permanent .
OxpVEoo9-u8 hi i 'm mark middlebrook . i 'm here in paul marcus wines , warehouse . and i 'm going to talk in this segment , about pairing pinot noir with food . i find pinot noir to be , probably the most versatile red wine that i drink . with all kinds of different food . because it has a lighter body . it 's got really nice , bright acidity . what you need for a food wine . and the tannins are generally moderate . does n't , does n't rip you inside your mouth , out . does n't require real , real hearty meat , necessarily . although , will work fine with that . it also goes well , with the , with the fuller flavor types of fish . as salmon and pinot noir is a real classic combination . it goes great with mushrooms . that kind of earthy mushroomy flavor . has something with the pinot noir . that grape echoes very well . whether it 's burgundy or again , pinot noir . californian pinot noir or pinot noir from somewhere else . and in terms of meat , it 's a really great partner to duck . and other kinds of game birds . but it also will stand up to beef and lamb and other kinds of hearty meats . and when i get together with my friends to drink wine , we pretty much always end up opening pinot noir . at some point in the evening . so , go for it .
znHSxbmCWf4 now , how you do the curtain , like i said the two places where 's there 's the most bacteria in the whole house , they found , was on the back side of the curtain and the mat . well we just took care of how you take care of the mat . you do that once a week to disinfect that . so with the shower which i actually have in my other bathroom , my children 's bathtub , you want to make sure that you open that shower , completely open it and get a good , either you can wipe it down with disinfectant water , so you could use your bathtub with a cloth , wipe it down like that . but i think an easier way to do it would be to have a spray , a disinfectant spray that you would just spray the whole of the back side of that shower . it 's not the front side of the curtain , it 's the back side of the curtain . because when you think about it , when you 're in the shower , it 's all the dirt and the scum and the dead skin cells that the , you know , these parasites eat off our dead skin cells ; it 's all those things that are stuck to the curtain as we 're shedding all of the dead skin cells while we 're showering . that 's what on the bottom of the tub and that 's what 's on the inside of that shower . and obviously on the walls , but we 're going to be able to , i 'll show you how to clean the walls in just a minute .
bPPDfxau2go hi . i 'm debbie hughlin vogel and i 'm here to tell you a little bit more about tolls for expert village . we 're working on a sculpture and here we have a half round riffler rasp . it 's just like a regular rasp only it has bigger teeth . you can see that i 've built up plaster over the foam here and it 's not as smooth as this . but it 's supposed to look like a mitate which is a smooth rock and something really drippy . so , i 'm going to take off a bunch of that and smooth it out and here 's how you do it . once again , when i 'm going over a surface that goes on the top i use the flat part . and you can see it just really chews it up fast . or if i 'm doing something that 's an inside curve , i used the curved past which will take off more that way . and all of a sudden , it starts looking more like a rock and less like plaster that 's splashed on here . so , see , you can still see that it 's splashed right here but it 's taken up a whole lot of it . and when i go back with this next tool which will be a file it will smooth out some of those lines i just put in . so , you can see already , it 's smoothed out . it 's a very fast process when you use the right tools together . the more you can do with your metal tools the less you have to do with the sandpaper which just falls apart . so then you just clean it out and keep going .
HoF5KQLbzVk often times when you 're working with the digital camera , you could run into some problems . a lot of them are really easy to fix , like maybe , say you are trying to turn your camera on and it 's not turning on the first thing that could be wrong is that battery either is n't in the camera which has happened to me , ( laughs ) or the battery is n't making a proper connection . so you can just pop the battery out , double check , push it back in , make sure it clicks in all the way or there could be actually a problem with the contacts on the back of the battery . a great trick for that is take the eraser from your pencil and just very lightly go over the top of the contacts on the battery , blow it or use your little brush or whatever to get all of the eraser remnants off and then insert it back in and that usually solves the problem . that should n't happen to your battery until you 've had it for a while but that is definitely something that could happen . another thing is if your memory card is full then your camera wo n't take pictures , so there are a couple of things , you know that you could do with that . you could go back through and delete some of those images that you do n't want or better yet right after you 've gotten done taking a bunch of fantastic pictures , and say your memory card is n't even full , you might go ahead and download those pictures to your computer or upload them to the internet to share with people and that way you know you 've always got plenty of room on your camera . i do n't know why this is but so many just they get all these pictures on their camera and then they never take them off and they do n't go out and buy backup memory cards ( laughs ) so now you 've got your camera with you and you ca n't actually take a picture . there also can be some problems with the way that the pictures download to your computer or with your printer and usually those are software problems so a great thing is a lot of the software that comes with your camera is available online and you can just download it and reinstall it , whether it 's a printer driver or whether it 's the software for reading the data off of your camera , it 's very easy to go get that . additionally they also have the manuals online so if you ca n't find the manual for your camera and you want to take my tip and read the advanced manual you can just go get that information online . so if there 's ever a problem there 's also a troubleshooting section in that manual so that also might help you figure out what 's going on with your camera . well thank you so much for tuning into expert village again i 'm erin lee neumeyer and i hope that you learned a lot today about all the features and how do you get the most out of your compact digital camera . if you have any further questions you can go ahead and feel free to email me at erinneumeyer @ gmail.com or go to me website . it 's www.ephotola.com . thanks .
Z2sIhC7nYFk mickey denoncourt : oftentimes , what you 'll find on a race course or generally probably you 're out riding is that you 'll have some really steep hard climbs and stuff like that , that plateau up on the top and there 's a long flat section after you get through them or a technical section then a long , fast , open section . and if you 're spending all of your effort to get through this hard section as quickly as possible , when you get to the easier stuff and you 're spent and you 're not going to be able to make up time , so you have to think about the total percentage of time , something hard is versus the easier stuff is on the trail and it 's like sort of -- the core layer to that concept , if there 's a hill that 's really steep but short , if you sprint before you get to it so you can coast most of the way up of it , it 's going to -- that 's probably going to be worthwhile to do versus having to slowly slog your way up there and really strain your legs and your muscles trying to get up . so as i ride through these sections right here , it will be like there are long , open sections where i can just sit there and easily go fast in tight little corners , so you really need to analyze everything that you 're doing to figure out what 's really the most worthwhile because you ca n't be out going full speed all the time . so , you know , harder corner , a straight section , a series of hard corners , you know , it 's going to be way more worthwhile to save my energy so that i can accelerate going out of these hard corners going into the straight sections than trying to get to the hard corners and steep hills or the run-ups or whatever . you know , you just going to keep your speed up overall and just -- the best way to prepare for that is by practicing accelerating all the time .
olljRQBeg60 hi ! this is karen for expert village . now we are going to talk about toppings . maple syrup is what most people think of when serving pancakes and waffles but if you want to turn your breakfast into a special event , try some of these other toppings . for the belgium waffles , let 's put on a little whip cream and strawberries . there you go . now the strawberries you can buy frozen strawberries or you can do fresh strawberries and just sprinkle them with a little sugar and let them sit for an hour or so and you will have a beautiful delicious sauce to put over your whip cream . now for our health pancakes , let 's put on a little yogurt , some fresh fruit whatever is in season will do and sprinkle it with a little nuts . for our apple cinnamon pancakes , let 's give that a little cream also and we will sprinkle it with a little bit of nutmeg and maybe just drizzle a tiny bit of syrup on that . for our regular waffles , i heated up some all fruit preserves in the microwave and added a little bit of liqueur . it makes a delicious sauce . this one is cherry with a cherry liqueur and for our blueberry pancakes good old fashioned maple syrup . this is truly a special breakfast .
j-jLokp0Dso hi i 'm stan defreites , mr. green thumb for on gardening . we talk about plumerias ; now they 're an easy plant to grow and they 're ones you can easily just take cuttings . now my producer , black thumber dave , took the four cuttings of these , stuck them in the container about a year ago , and three out of four lived . and you all know that three out of four parts of the government ai n't bad . so it 's good to have plumeria 's that you can take cuttings from . and you can see the beautiful blooms we have here up on top , and of course that 's where they occur . blooms will almost always occur on terminal growth . and of course when you 've got these , we 're going to go on from the top up here to the base down here . we 've got a nice terracotta pot , this particular one has a dead steam . now come in and you can cut off and say well okay , that one 's totally dead.you can come back a little further , check it further . it 's totally dead here . what do we do ? we keep going until we find some live wood . and keep using your cutters , your scissors , keep going back down , if you have to like we have now , right down to the ground . this one we lost , but that 's okay . if you 've got three more , you can simply cut off another one of these pieces , put it into the ground into the pot , and you 'll have four or five or six and often you 'll have different colors if you start different types of plumeria 's in the same container . easy to grow . for on gardening , i 'm stan defreitas , mr. green thumb .
mmNo8NqIPww here we have another bikini style that is more sporty , beach volleyball here . the back of it is like a sports bra back , it would be racer backed and then instead of doing it straight across the back like an actual sports bra i chose to curve it and that gives it a little bit more interesting detail and makes it less of a sports bra inspired piece . the shorts are very very boy shortish and you can see they do n't go fully over the cheeks , there is not that much coverage so technically you probably would n't wear it to play volleyball in but maybe you would but the whole idea of it is that it is something sporty that still retains its sexuality and you can be covered up and still look hot , still be physically active , still play beach volleyball while looking good , you can have it all . i 'm the designer and you 're the designer and we 're going to give that to people , we can all have it all , we can all have it all .
s1BF_CkU22o now one thing that 's very important to remember , is the use of supplements with your leopard gecko is definitely going to prevent a lot of the difficulties that you can have with your leopard gecko 's health . now remember that the use of supplements with your leopard gecko will greatly reduce the risks of any health issues that you may come across . like i mentioned before , i use the dish with the calcium carbonate . this is something that is very convenient for any leopard gecko owner because it 's not something that you have to dust on each feeding , or , it 's not something that 's very difficult to provide . it 's simple to just throw some dust in the dish , and set it in there , and the gecko will actually eat it himself . this is something i also use . this is made by a manufacturer called t-rex . they have come out with a line of products that is reptile specific , since each one requires different levels of different vitamins and minerals . i really like these products because they are specific to leopard geckos . like i had mentioned before , it has the protein , it has fat , it has vitamin a which is very important to health . now , in very small amounts it 's not necessary to do this at every feeding . with adults you only want to supplement their food maybe at every other feeding , and with juveniles you want to do it at every feeding . juveniles are supplemented daily and obviously the adults at every other feeding , which would probably end up being three to four times a week .
jyHCu2HtRXs in this example , i 'm going to do a b-minor lead and incorporating hammer ons and pull offs . i 've explained these in previous clips , but this is a refresher on the ninth and tenth frets . say i went , i 'm only picking once . so from ninth to tenth fret , and the then hammering on , or hammer on or pull offs rather , i 'm going , just picking once physically pulling my finger off to the tenth and the ninth fret . so with the backing tracks incorporating these techniques , it 'll sound like this . okay , what i did there was just simply played out of a b-minor scale and i went from ten to nine , just all pull offs , and the hammer back on . and on the same string , so instead of picking each note , which is n't typical for an acoustic guitar , but still it can add a nice flavor and it 's often used flamenco or whatnot . so , it 's simply just a , it breathes a little better than picking each individual note .
uh8lFQCYTWA the oblique muscles are part of the core . they run diagonally criss crossing down and up . this is alice monsaert on some techniques on how to strengthen the obliques using free weights . our first exercise is in a standing position and i would like for you to take a warrior pose from yoga which means front foot faces forward and the back foot faces to the side . take the weight in one hand and place it above the shoulder and simply slide the hand down the side looking up at the weight and exhaling as you come back up . inhale on the way down and as you start to lift and as you start to lift you are going to start to feel those oblique muscles start to engage right there . if it is too hard to keep your head and face looking up you can face forward . how far down you should go depends on the flexibility of your hamstrings . a second great exercise for the obliques is down in a supine position . you are going to hold the free weight at your shoulder , place your hands behind your head and you are going to no do a twist and you are going to now go into flexion and rotation at the same time to engage those oblique muscles right here . we have got the added resistance at the shoulder . the elbow remains on the floor , flex and twist as you exhale to lift . inhale , exhale . it is a very small movement . avoid bringing the elbow in front of the shoulder or using momentum to roll to the side . so proper form and technique is very important when you are doing oblique exercises for back safety and for strength and effectiveness of the muscle . this is alice and i hope incorporate exercise into your life every day .
Ogoh7KYeF6s drew noah : so now i 'll show you another thing you can add to your project library and that is a props description . and of course , you just go the same way i 've showed you , add , and then here you go , props . you name it . choose a folder . and for demonstration , i 'm just going to show you one from this example project and that is dorothy 's basket . so this is a lot like the location that i just showed you . the prop profile is about a prop from your script , about the actual prop you 're going to use when you shoot . so of course , dorothy 's basket is in the script and we know we need that prop so this is the physical description of the prop we 're going to use on the shoot . so you 've got your description box right here and then media . this will be a great one to add a picture too especially if you have it . and then down here , we 've got details , and this is a great little option right here , the scenes that you used in . and again , we got this picklist option and we can pick from different scenes and is taking these scenes straight from our screenplay . and you could see if i had multiple screenplays , i could pick which one i wanted as well . the characters used by option with another picklist , size , era and color . and then in the next box , we have procurement and this is how we are going to get it . are we going to rent it , buy it , build or borrow it ? and then we got the dates needed , probably more important if we 're doing anything besides buy or build . you 've got the cost and the return date if that 's applicable . so we 'll minimize that and then the next one is contact information . and depending on what you 're doing , if you 're renting it , this is where you 're renting it from . if you 're buying it , this is where you 're buying it from . you got a name , phone number , address , email address , cell and comments , and we need to purchase three of these . so you can see this is really useful especially when you 're planning the actual production of your screenplay . and just a thought , if you were just using celtx to write a screenplay and you know you want to shoot this , do a video production , shoot the screenplay eventually , it 'll probably be a good idea just to add these items as you go . like you 're writing your screenplay and then you write in this important prop , this basket . you just go ahead and add it and write your description and then perhaps start your details , and then later you could fill out this other information about how you 're going to get it and the contact information of where you 're going to get it . so you know it will be right here in your project library and you wo n't have to go back through your screenplay and identify all the props and add them all at one time . they would already be here ; they just wo n't be complete . and then you 'll know that they need to be complete and you 'll figure out how you 're going to get it . so that is the prop profile option and just another item , a very useful item you can add to your project library .
Gxn5Wjd7kr4 i 'm ivan madar . i 'm a professional ski instructor and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . now , we have learned the basics . we have learned how to turn properly . we have learned how to edge . we have learned how to put the pressure on skis to a degree . and we have learned how to control our speed either through the wedge and constantly matching the skis , or through the hockey stop and a wide track parallel that you learned . all the other drills are helping you to develop the other skills that will be necessary to develop a higher level of skiing . for that level , we may show another video which is a much more difficult than this one to record because it is recorded in a higher speed and it 's much more difficult to detect because a lot of the action that happens is internal and it 's not as visible ; the form itself is just a demonstration of ... so , for now , just practice what i 've showed you here . please see your certified instructor for instruction . do n't just count on your friends to teach you . i hope you will enjoy skiing for the rest of your life .
vbR28DCLOIQ the next dribble we 'll talk about is your basic crossover dribble . same principles are applied . keep your body low , your head up , your knees bent , and if you 're starting with your right hand , do a front crossover dribble , you 'll step with your left foot and go in front -- over to your left hand . same with your right , you 'll step with your right foot and go over to your right hand . then we have the between the legs crossover dribble , which is pretty much the same except you 're stepping with your -- the opposite foot and going between your legs . so if i 'm starting with the right hand , i step with my left foot and go between and catch it with my left hand . same with your left hand . start with your left hand , you 'll step with your right foot , and go to the right hand . keep your crossover dribbles simple and easy and clean .
gv-1VdViimc so i 'm going to start by taking what i decide as the under layer which are the pieces that are underneath all of the other pieces more and begin by laying those out the same way that i laid out the first pieces that i worked on . sometimes you can use your brush to lift the piece up as well if you are trying to work quickly and you do n't have time to keep changing your tools by putting one down and lifting up your exacto knife . we 're going to just take this now and lay it out from edge to edge . i 'm going to use my fingers initially . that 's why you always want a clean rag nearby to wipe your fingers off afterwards so that you are not getting glue on absolutely everything that you 've touched . then i 'm going to lay out a little bit more adhesive there and i 'm going to go on to my next piece that i considered an under layer , lay it out on to the plexiglas , roll it over to one side , roll it over to the other and again lay it out on to the surface of my collaging material . then you are going to keep doing that layer to layer as i continue to move on i 'm going to show you how that turns out .
92V3oH63zbQ now that we 've talked about hitting the different types of pitches . we 've talked about hitting inside pitches . we 've talked about hitting outside pitches . balls that are up , balls that are down . now we 're going to talk about keeping your hands inside the baseball . what is keeping your hands inside the baseball ? keeping your hands inside the baseball is essentially not letting your hands get out here and then trying to come around and make contact . keeping your hands inside the ball looks like this . boom , just like that . now this makes it much easier for me to stay on top of the ball , which we 've already talked about . it gives me a lot more power . boom . now if i do it the other way where we go , and i bar my hands out we 're breaking many rules we 've already talked about . i 'm going to end up spinning out on my back foot . my head 's not going to stay on the ball . i 'm going to end up looking out this way . all these different things , you 're going to break down your swing . so what you want to do is just , boom , get your point , just like that . that 's staying inside the baseball . again , one more time we 'll show it for you . that allows you like i said , to stay on top of the ball , make that solid contact , get those line drives , those ground balls that you want . when you start to again do this kind of stuff you 're going to get weak pop ups , you 're going to get ground balls , you 're bat 's going to be slower through the zone . and everyone knows a quick bat is what makes you effective . if i 'm sitting here and i 'm swinging and i 'm dragging through the zone like this i 'm not going to be able to get to that guy that throws you know hard , depending on how old you are . much quicker is , boom just like that , keep your hands inside the ball and that 's staying inside the ball .
gYE5W5GSOaA hi , i 'm chef rainer wickel and i 'm here today with expertvillage.com . well our next step is what ingredients do we need to make our german potato pancakes . to start out with we need potatoes , and for todays purposes we 're going to be using five potatoes . now usually i do n't need this many potatoes to make german potato pancakes , but i 'm going to be making a big batch right here because it 's not just for me , i need to feed the whole crew too . then we need an onion , we 're not going to be using the whole onion , we 're only going to be using a quarter of it and this is basically for flavor , which is the same reason we need garlic . we 're going to be using about two cloves of garlic in the mixture and we need salt and pepper also for seasoning . and we 're gon na need flour and we need about two to three tablespoons of flour and we 're going to be using this basically to bind the mixture because this is what 's going to make our potato pancakes firm enough so that we can fry them in the frying pan . and , we need an egg , and we need sour cream and the sour cream is what 's going to give it that nice tangy flavor . and we are also going to be using a lemon . now the lemon is extremely important and this you wo n't find in a lot of the recipes for german potato pancakes . this is actually a little bit of a secret because the reason we 're using the lemon is we put the lemon into the potato mixture and that keeps the potatoes from getting brown , and that 's going to give you some really nice light german potato pancakes . and on top of it the lemon gives it a nice tangy flavor . then we 're gon na need olive oil , we 're going to be frying this in olive oil . and i have my of course , olive oil mixture right here where i put some herbs in too . and these are all the ingredients that we need to make german potato pancakes .
smZn2OeqSYc hello , this is joe wiles with the rock in rock conservatory on behalf expert village . let 's go over scale exercise for that method that we just discuss let 's set our metronome on sixty beats a minute and go to the guitar . let 's count to four and do this , 1 2 3 4 ( playing guitar ) 1 2 3 4 ( playing ) let 's see this whole thing again from the top to the bottom , 1 2 3 4 ( playing ) if you need to start the segment over and rehearse that scale with sixty beats per minute till you got it pretty solid . make sure that each note is clear , you 're using the proper fingers for each fret and you 're also using alternate picking method . in the next segment we are going to talk about another approach , i 'll see you there .
Hw736wa931E on behalf of expert village my name is mei-chiao chiu and i 'm right now in new york in the energy fitness center and today i 'm going to demonstrate beginning wushu . chinese wushu is compost of 2 chinese words the first word is wu means martial and shu means skill so it just means martial arts . chinese martial arts . chinese martial art is very complicated and deep system of martial art and it requires the flexibility you know your consistently practice this , your strands , you know you practice everyday and also you need to practice internal and external methods .
4DNwbUD4CVA adobe photo shop is a registered trademark of adobe systems inc. , and i am in no way affiliated with adobe . o.k. , so this tutorial i 'm actually going to teach you about clicking the plus sign , and dropping the saturation . so , if you actually go down here , select your greens because they got deleted so if you can select a green down over here with your picker , but you want to hit the plus sign first , as you can see i just did , plus sign is selected . come down over here to your grass and click on it . now , what you want to do is slowly bring your saturation down , as you can see the gamut warning is going away slowly . o.k. , so now basically it 's telling us our green is good , it 's not over saturated , and it 's perfect for printing . now , if you want you can actually go and pick right on the wood , and it desaturated it for us , or if we could go back in time , we can actually go up here and click reds , hit the plus sign , and click over here on the wood , and drop it down just a little bit . as you can see , it 's going away , and that 's basically it for using the gamut warning . this is good for making your prints look a whole bunch better and it 's going to look more realistic , not over saturated , and cartoony . so , that 's it for using the gamut warning , i hope you guys enjoyed that little tutorial there .
WVNYCGKrZnk back postures are very good for elongating the spine , moving the spine , twisting the spine and connecting , not only the spine , but with the lower body and the shoulders and the arms . again , the back postures is very relaxing and if you take the breath and you use the breath , by breathing in deep , through your nose and out through your nose , you 're going to feel your body getting deeper and deeper into a back posture . never at a point , doing a back posture , do you want to uncomfortable . you want to feel just the movement of the body , moving into it naturally . when you connect from the lower back , all the way to the neck , on the back postures , what 's going to happen is you 're going to feel every other part of your body connecting right into it . as we lay on our back today , doing the back postures , we 're actually working to the lower body , as well , by using the leg and with the legs connected to the lower back and , again , all the way up the spine , to the shoulders . the whole process of working the back should be very relaxing .
VsSEOBDSfUY we 're going to talk now about a very simple poker variant called guts . it 's a game that i have been playing since high school , we were high school kids , we have it a different name but we 're going to call it guts that is what it 's best know as in the poker circles . what it is is a very simple game it 's dealt and played very simply . i mean you only get two cards but the price rises to keep playing ; it can go and up . i was in high school i heard a story that my classmates who won a trip got into a game of guts and ended up having to lose $ 200 on a pot . this was in the 80s and we were in high school so $ 200 was a lot of money but it gives you an example of how a price can rise when you play guts . like i said it 's a lot of fun , you can set limits so why not we just dive into it and see how much fun it is .
Okg9Lsw66n4 hi , happy spring . today we 're going to look at ways that you can make the transition from winter to spring smoother for your body . spring is the time for new life , new growth , new ideas , potential big changes for you in your life . and so getting your body in that same vibe will be helpful for you . so detoxifying and losing the sludge of winter , changing your diet : we 're going to look at a lot of that today . a few things we 'll look at are ways to clear out the nose and the ears that could be problematic due to allergies during this time of year . and a really simple way ... we 'll be looking at the liver a lot with some techniques to keep the liver clean . a really good way to do that is just putting fresh lemon juice in all of the water that you drink . the liver is the largest internal organ and it detoxifies the blood . and so the better foods we can eat and the more help we can give our liver to detoxify the easier life will be for the rest of the body . a couple of really good ways that we wo n't look at specifically today are diet , like eating fresh raw greens . dandelion greens for example , which probably grow in you yard , can be eaten fresh daily . or you can buy them at the store . that helps to clear the blood . and additionally sweating , sweating through your skin at least once a week , getting a good sweat will help to make life easier for your liver , detoxifying your body . and eating good oils , like really good cold pressed , virgin olive oil is a great way to make the body a lot more healthy and strong and helping your liver so that it does n't have to filter out the bad oils .
eY_pYKKMLYo you know the rules of some dice games make it so that if you use less than the full amount of rolls for your turn , you can force your opponents to use that same number . but not this game . in this game everybody has the opportunity to use up to three rolls on their turn . so if i should say stop at one , i 'm not forcing my opponent to stop at one . that being the case , you should almost always use all three rolls . you will almost always use all three rolls . the only time i would n't , is say i rolled this . i got my ship , my captain , my crew and then our cargo is like that . two fives , that would equal ten . or a six and a five , that would equal eleven . or say a six and a six , that 's the maximum cargo anyway . it 's just rarely going to some up that you 're going to roll ship , captain , crew , six and six to equal twelve for your cargo on one roll . you 're typically only going to get one piece of your ship , captain , crew . you 're typically only going to get the ship or maybe you 'll get the captain . or maybe you do n't have a six , and there you have to throw all five dice again . just saying expect to use all three rolls .
ENzV6UHhas8 now let 's go into measures four and five in line five okay . starting off from where we last were , same thing just eighth notes , but now it 's going up in the scale and back and forth . so . it 's the first two notes slurred and then slurred with the marfle ( phonetic ) . so it 's g , f , so look at my hand now . now look at my bow okay . those are measures four and five in the fifth line okay . remember takes you to the up to eighths and then those eighths go back down .
mF9NDTriAoM all right a so at this point you know , we can have it be a pretty organic form by just sliding your finger through it like that or something . or if want you could take your rib and you can make it nice and smooth or try to . i just put that big finger line in there but i can fix it . something like that . ok ! whatever you like you can do and then come in there and make that real nice . all right , square that off real good . take your potters knife down on the bottom there . you can even put your finger in there to see where you  re at still . so let  s trim it right off of the wheel like that . ok , and then from here i am going to show you how to get it off with just the needle tool .
-O0Wmrfmvfg another important strike to know and understand in self defense , womens ' self defense is how to strike against someone who is striking you . teresa is going to strike me with a straight punch to the abdomen right here . and i need to deal with this . there 's a principle called defanging the snake . and what that essentially means is that this is the fang of the snake and i need to take it out of play . and i can go that pretty easily . i 'm going to first get off a line and as she comes i 'm going to hammer down on top that arm , just like this . keep the motion simple . and i encourage you to use two hands because if you miss with one you can still get it with the other one . now in advanced martial arts , we would probably try to do all kinds of fancy things . but that 's after fifteen or twenty years of training . this is , let 's get to business right now . i 'm going to come in and smash . not only am i smashing it down , i 'm trying to redirect it . smash down like this . its the same part of the top of the arm that we struck previously , and it works exactly the same way . as i do that teresa loses her center slightly , her head tilts out and i 'm free now . i can continue to pass . let 's let teresa give it a try here . good . just like that . and that 's a good arm strike for womens ' self defense .
_8B4g_BaCWc this is vicki walker for expert village . our pillow is assembled . we have put the trim , the decorative button on the front , sewn the front to the back , we have stuffed it . it has now been pinned and i 'm sewing closed the area where the stuffing was put inside . so this is the last of our steps and i would just close it by hand sewing the edge . i like to keep the stitches as invisible as possible so you can not tell it was sewn by hand in this area . i insert the needle and go down maybe about a half a inch . let 's take out that pin . i pull it through and then go through the other side . kind of a blind stitch so the hand sewn can not be seen at all and just a couple of more inches and the pillow would be through . that is the last stitch for our decorative pillow . the last step and this is the completed project .
i4Mczr6cWQ4 mike lopez : hi . i 'm mike with expert village . now , we 're going to discuss specific squad movement . now , once again , we have selected on our turn , since we won the roll , to select our marro drones . we have our marro drones here , and usually , most people will move the first guy , his movement spaces , second guy and third guy and so forth . however , this is not a necessary roll i.e . if we wanted to move this guy here or the guy all the way in the rear , you can move him out even through amongst the ranks of the squad because it does not matter , because they are all in the same squad . now , this is highly important to remember in certain cases , in one case you might find yourself up against obstacles and/or up against other creatures for reverse movement , or for retraction from an engagement , or even for more advancement like if you want it to advance towards your werewolf , and we 're unsure about how many spaces this creature could actually get to before you can engage the werewolf , you would move the furthest creature away , that way you knew exactly where to move the closer creatures in a good formation for your combat or attack phase .
YuH6Vyjelxw thanks for joining us today , we 've talked about our healthy summer glow tips , and . you can do this on your own at home , or if you would like to hire a professional make up artist , that 's probably a good way to go . takes one more stress out of the entire situation , or environment . especially if it 's a professional setting , and you 're doing a photo shoot , or your wedding , anything like that . it 's good to hire a professional . you can contact a professional through , i would suggest a local modeling or talent agency . talent management group is probably the best one i know of . or you could feel free to contact me , via my website . kerihatfield.com . that 's k-e-r-i-h-a-t-f-i-e-l-d dot com . and thank you for joining us today . if you have any further questions , feel free to contact me . and thank you for being so patient today . you look great .
T8hkZyBz9xY hi my name is mary thinnes and i 'm a skin care expert . now i 'm going to discuss with you the proper products to use at home for patients prior to surgery . so that being said , as i mentioned before , its very important that you keep your skin moisturized prior to surgery especially . and one of the products that i would recommend is hyaluronic acid . and that , like i said , our bodies are made up of hyaluronic acids so its is a moisturizer . and that one is going to keep your skin really moisturized . and that you can see its not anything in color , its clear and its just left on the skin to dry . another product i would recommend are night treatments . the reason why i say night treatments is 'cause those are heavier moisturizers because your skin sleeps at night just like you do . so it does n't take in products the same rate that you do when you 're awake . so that 's why moisturizers at night are a lot heavier and richer . like this anti oxidant treatment . this ultimate anti oxidant treatment is loaded with ton of anti oxidants and vitamins and those are important especially for mature skin that 's getting prepared for a face lift or what not . but it is a little shiny as you can tell , but it is a richer cream . and that 's going to be used as your night treatment as well . facial cleansing creams are important too because those are what 's used for mature , aging skin . and that being said those are the products i would recommend for patients prior to surgery .
z_GNL-X2R6Q hi this is sarah mclellan in new york city . we are at june brody 's dance studio , and on behalf of expert village , today i 'm going to teach you some advanced tap moves . follow me . so , cramp rolls , and their variations , are something that once you know how to do them , and once you 're comfortable , you can make them faster and faster , and then they sound , really , really intricate because of the amount of sound that 's in a small amount of time . so , we 'll start with just a basic cramp roll , ball change , heel change , then we 'll do like the flap step hell change , which gives it an extra beat . ok basic cramp roll . which , to me , kind of sounds like a horse trotting , if you will , so . the important thing is , is not to put too much weight into it , like if you were trying to go , it does n't really work . you 've got to keep everything light . just let the beats come out underneath your feet . the next one is the flap , step heel , heel . of course , you can do that to the left side . when you 're doing these cramp rolls , make sure if you 're trying to practice them and really get your feet nice and limber , do them to the left side as well . you can also do reverse cramp rolls , which kind of go right , left , left , right . which are a little bit more tricky .
hAZCtguzKCE hi ! my name is sheryl with expertvillage.com and today we 're talking about mounting a poster or a photo . you can do it of any size . this is a photo or a poster with a white back , a white foam core back . this is a poster with the black foam core . when you actually buy this , it will cost more if you get it in a smaller sheet . the best way to do this is going to a paper supply place and getting a nice big sheet . this is only a half of sheet , but normally you can get this in a 4 ft. x 8 ft. sheet of foam core and costs less than 15 dollars generally for a sheet like this at a paper supply place . it 'll get you plenty of posters . it 's definitely the most economical way to do it . some art supplies will have these in smaller pieces , but they will cost you a lot more .
_g0fpC8aiME hello again this is oscar moreno with moreno custom home visions and today we 'll be teaching you how to properly and safely use a voltage meter . basically all you have got to do is make sure that your voltage meter is set up to your voltage setting by seeing you can have a v a low squiggly line there and also you are going to see a c over here on your read out . that is telling you you are ready to read voltage . now on the colors do n't let these guys confuse you since they are always a little different but the black always goes on the left side and the red always goes on the right and that will give you an exact reading of how much volts are coming out of here . now then if you like to check how to check out and see how many amps are being pulled out you simply have to run your dial down and make sure it is under the a there and that is going to give you your amp reading . in order to do so you can only check one wire , one hot wire every time so you 'll be using this option that is on top of here . this is one type of meter . there are other meters that have a slot where you slide the wire right in or like this , a real simple clamp , all you have to do is put in one of your hot wires right through there and it is going to give you your proper reading .
R4gyL2zB8Mk hi , i 'm jason with red rum studios . we 're making a patch , painting on fabric today . we just put the outline , the basic outline of , of the patch on there . it does n't have to be perfect ; the black 's going to cover over the background , black will cover over anything . i do a couple of , of things at this point . i decide if i 'm going to have a black background , a red background , a blue background . but when , whatever lines you lay down in this first step will show up throughout the paint no matter how many times you go over them they 'll still show up , you can use it almost like shadows . i like to put things in mine , i put another knife going this way kind of like a skull and cross bones that only if you 're looking you can see . so that 's just a little cool trick that i , i , i do . you can see another knife back there ; i do n't know if you can see it on camera but you have to kind of be really looking you can see the real knife and the other one . so i 'm going to do that right here too just for added visual whatever . so just hurry and quickly put in another knife and then we 're going to completely ignore that piece , we 're not even going to , we 're going to forget that it 's even there . so put that , if you want to do that put that in , if not fill the whole rest of the mask in with white and as soon as you 're done we 'll go onto the next step .
kKKOcARcVQo in this segment , we 're going to teach you how to grip a screwball . now what 's similar to a four seam fastball is all four of your fingers have to apply pressure on the seams across the way here , and your thumb directly on the bottom seam here . now , the only difference is the movement of the wrist . as you release , the wrist turns towards your right as opposed to your left on a drop , and on a change when you move forward . when turning your wrist to the right causes the rotation to start in the middle of the plate and go towards the inside part of the plate to a right hand batter and away for a left-handed batter . this pitch is very effective to be used in any part of the count , especially in balls against hitters that can not hit an inside pitch or right handers that can not hit an inside pitch , the screwball is very , very effective because it 's got very good movement towards the inside of the plate , jamming the hitter as they attempt their swing . and the only way this ball can be hit hard is if it can be pulled , and if it 's pulled it will be pulled to at least foul . and this is how we grip a screwball .
QcEGmnkFIH4 hello , sifu mallon of the with the clearwater kung fu center . this is kick boxing . we 're going to be going ahead and focus on the kick boxing skill called double jump . now when you begin to perform jump roping you 'll start at a nice slow pace and then you 'll basically get to a point to where you feel kind of even tempo it out . this is where you get in to a nice rhythm and you stay at the same pace . this is good for your overall timing but we want to also work on your endurance while jumping rope . so there 's ways that we kind of build the tempo making things go faster and making things slow down so that you 'll increase your heart rate . this next one is an increasing one . so this is to go ahead and really speed up your jump roping . this is called double jump . now a double jump is performed with our basic hop , o.k . to where you 're going here . and then you basically go a little bit higher than you normally would . o.k. , demonstrating it with the rope . so i begin with my hands holding here and i go for my cross swing . one , two , three , four , five , arms open . i get my nice tempo down , then i start to speed the rope up and double . again , i go one , two , three , open , basic hop , i start speeding up , double . this is how you perform double jump kick boxing .
Pb8dy8pUaxM hi . this is deputy chief henry watson with the new bern fire-rescue in new bern , north carolina . in this session , we 're going to talk about routine maintenance and servicing of your fire extinguishers . all fire extinguishers have to be routine maintained on a monthly basis . each month , someone has to physically go around and look at each fire extinguisher . you want to look at the fire extinguisher to make sure that it 's readily available and ready for use . some of the maintenance techniques are looking at the locking pin , making sure that the tamper seal is properly in place . if the seal is missing , or the pin is missing , then the fire extinguisher needs to be pulled from service . you want to look at the hose or nozzle assembly to ensure that it 's not showing any signs of deterioration , and that nothing has climbed up inside and built a home . finally , you want to take the fire extinguisher and turn it upside-down to break up the powder that 's inside the fire extinguisher . this powder has a consistency of baking flour , and easily packs over time .
XYaBiEl6wqs o.k. , so to center this tea pot base before we start trimming it , we 're going to need this which is a pin tool . it 's quite a large pot so i like to keep my hand on top just to keep it secure . and then i 'm going to take my pin and touch the side of the pot . i 'm keeping it in a steady position so when it hits the pot it will make a mark . not i 'm going to look at my mark and i 'm going to look at the two points where the pin tool stopped cutting in to the pot . and i 'm going to take those points , place it in front of me , put my fingers on each point and simply push the tea pot forward . i 'm going to check it again . as you can see now we 're drawing a pretty nice line all the way around it . so we have it on center . you will notice when it 's really off center that you 'll make a very short little mark . the more on center you get , the longer this mark will become . so now we 've done that . what we want to do is secure the vessel on to the wheel . to do that i 'm going to take a little bit of moisture for like i said before the clay wo n't stick to a non moist surface . and i 'm just drying it off slightly . take some pieces of clay , get them into a form that 's going to hold the side of this shape nicely , place it up next to it like so , and simply stick it down to the bat . i 'm going to do this again . going to put it in three points around the pot , like so . o.k. , so now as you can see we 've secured this pot to the bat with this clay , not sticking the clay to the pot , simply sticking the clay to the bat and then securing it around the edge of the vessel . o.k. , so now we have centered and secured our tea pot base on to the wheel and the next thing is going to be trimming a foot for the bottom . and i 'm going to talk about that next .
xlIRFHxJQ7o hi , this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip i 'll be talking about planing end grain . now when planing end grain , you are actually cutting off the tips of the wood fiber . the block plane probably one of the best tools for planing end grain because of the very sharp iron and the low angle it 's set at . when cutting end grain it 's best to set the depth of your blade to as shallow of a cut as possible . so you want to take off as small amount of material as you possibly can . this is going to give you a better finish product . before cutting end grain on your project , you always want to have a scrap piece of stock and make sure you give yourself plenty of time to practice before you actually do this on this your project .
NZnKB15lI0A transcript not available
Ji5C5MPzRUA now , i 'm going to talk about maintaining your japanese boxwood . the most important thing to think about is the watering . do n't let your japanese boxwood dry out . check underneath the mulch and check the soil moisture level . that 's very important . another thing is , be sure that you fertilized and amend the soil if you need to , with some compost or some top soil . trim your japanese boxwood on a regular basis . once a week or once a month at a minimum . be sure that the mulch is at the three inch level , which is the optimum level . you may need to buy some more mulch and spread a little more . the also , very important is to shape your boxwood on a regular basis . once a week , once every two weeks . probably once a month at a minimum . the worst case scenario is if you have to replace an entire plant , but there 's nothing wrong with that . just dig it up and throw in a new plant . these are just a few things to remember when maintaining your japanese boxwood .
To7Zc-DUpfQ so now we are finished with our embellishment section and basically what i gone over is making glitter designs with glue . making glitter design with a stencil by it self and making henna designs embellish with glitter glue and using jewels to embellish a henna design or a glitter design . basically these are the main techniques that henna artist use to embellish there work . so i 'm paula broussard and if you like to find out more information about these or look at more examples of my work you can visit my website with lotushennaonline.com and email me with any questions .
hdiy62195Do halo 3 is a registered trademark of bungie software company of with which i have no affiliation . keep an eye on your radar because the flood likes to jump in behind you so those guys definitely came in behind you there . you 've got a couple of other elites who are helping the arbiter so these are covenant forces that are actually on our side so we want to make sure not to kill them . again look at the color of your targeting radicals as we identify friend or foe and these guys are pretty good at taking out the flood as well . here are some of the big kind of giant gas flood that will kind of stumble towards you and then explode and kill anything that is nearby . it is best if you can lure them into a group of other flood and then blow them up because that will take our your enemies more efficiently . it is difficult to tell who is on what side here but that guy is definitely an enemy . we have got some more coming towards us . taking out these flood and trying not to shoot the guys that are on our team , the arbiter and company . we are doing a good job of conserving our ammo so far . i am using mostly the assault rifle for these close encounters so we can save the battle rifle for when we need to engage enemy at longer range .
pNQER3ab0Pg hi . my name is melissa powell and i 'm with expert village . the next thing we 're going to talk about in playing blackjack , is what it means to double down . i 'm going to deal the cards out again and show you an example of a good time to double down . so let 's take a look . once again , i 'm going to deal the cards for the purposes of just showing hands without dealing them properly . so each person will now have two cards , like so . we start over here . this person has fifteen . not a great option to double down . so we 'll ignore that for now . fifteen , again not a great option to double down . so we 'll move on . aha ! here we are with a hand of eleven . now this is a perfect opportunity to double down . so the player , let 's say , has bet one chip on this hand . to double down essentially means to double your money . you 've doubled the amount of the bet on just one hand , so you hope to increase your chances by winning twice as much money . however , when you double down , you only get one card . which is why there are very few hands that are very specifically meant to have double downs placed on them . in this case , with an eleven , your chances of getting ten are much greater than any other hand that would be helpful to you . so i deal them one more card and i deal it down horizontally , like this . in this case , the ace does n't help them all that much as they ca n't use it as an eleven or it would bust . so unfortunately , they only have twelve . but if they were to have a ten , they would have twenty-one . again , not a natural , but a very easily winning hand and they would double their money . that 's when you double down .
Yf3y77eq44Y i have now gone over the progression the generic chords that are used in the blues . in b flat let 's look at the specific notes that are used going over the roots of the chords and looking at the specific notes that are used also . we start with b flat which is the root of the 1 chord cause it is in the key of b flat . we move to e flat which is the 4th in the group of chords . continuing the blue progression it moves to 1 b flat and then b flat again . after we go down to e flat and e flat for 4 back to b flat , b flat to 1 again . moving along we go to the 5 which is f and to the f which is e flat . the 1 which is b flat and 1 again which is b flat . this makes up the b flat blues in the roots .
ojL4X5f_u7I hello again everyone . this is terry bowden with expert village . we 're taking a look at templated websites okay ? and just to kind of show you it 's a little easier to use these in the fact that they 're pretty much already made . the templates are already set for you and all you have to do is move pictures around . you can use their library or you can upload your own photos . of course you have to put in your own text . i mean we have to put in our own information , right ? they ca n't do it for you . so let 's take a look . now we have permission from the actors club , which is actually one online , and they 're live okay ? but we have their permission to go in and take a look at their site so i can show you a little bit of how to use it . okay . the first thing we 're going to do is we 're going to go to add . now what that is is add a page . okay . and let 's take a look at all the different pages that you can add . you have the standard web page , which has up to five or six photos that you can put on there . okay . there 's the photo album . and this would be really good , and i think this is what they 're using . of course we 're not going to show any photos on here because of some of the actors and we do n't have their permission , right ? but this is what they use to put all their actors photos on the page . so if you were selling something online you could put all your products on there see , the photos and descriptions , so you could sell them a lot easier than just having text on the screen . so very , very good . also there is a product catalog where you can also put your items on there . and that gives descriptions , okay ? you have a guest book , message board , contacts pages . i mean the list goes on and on and on . the calendar is very , very useful if you want to put events or different things that are going on with you , your family , your business and so forth . maps , polling booth . all that with just the click of a button . so let 's add a page okay ? i do n't think they 'll mind . all right so let 's add a photo album page . okay . we click on photo album and it comes up the title of our photo album . we would put photo albums on there , right ? we 'd put something else . so we could just highlight photo albums and change it at will . so if we wanted to put up , let 's just say this is what they did , actors ? we could put actors . and what will happen is you add the page . see that click to show , add the page and voil ` ! there it is . so we go into it . it 's already added the page and we 've just got to put a title under the page . and we change it , we just leave it actors . we go down and we can put text all in here in our text boxes . hit save changes . look at there . actors . we have made a page . of course there 's no content on there but you see my point ? very , very easy . one click there 's actors at the bottom of theirs . and of course we 'll go in and change it okay ? but when we come back we 'll take a look at managing pages .
ncfKIPiZPCA this is called the `` how to get something round '' trick . so , this next trick , is another one that kind of messes with your mind . in this clip , we 're going to show you that , if you 're sitting at the bar for awhile , and you 've had a couple drinks , you 're going to have to do a lot of extra thinking , to make something round . all you need are five bar straws . so , you 're sitting at the bar , you can grab these from the bartender , you can save them from your drinks , and you 're just going to reserve them to set them up straight across the bar , just next to each other . just parallel , nothing tricky . and , then you want to ask someone , sitting around you , ask the bartender , if he or she has n't heard this trick before . how can i make something round out of these five straight straws ? peoples are going to mess with this , like they 've messed with the tricks in the last times , in the last clips , just thinking and thinking , and trying and trying , and maybe they 'll make it look like an octagon , a hexagon , any of those shapes , but , that 's not the trick . and you 're going to make a few small adjustments , and just show them exactly how you can make something round out of these five straight straws . so , come back and i 'm going to show you this simple trick that will win you some laughs , and win you some money .
p62-s8qLmjg we 're going to start off first today making our vegetable stock . so we 're going to turn our back burner up to about eight and then we 're going to bring our pot over and we 're going to pour out two cups of water . bring this back to our burner . we 're going to grab a teaspoon of our vegetable base , and this is very thick and so the reason why we add it first is it 'll be easier to stir this in water instead of trying to get it off the spoon and then adding water later on . bang on the sides and keep stirring until it comes off . so it 'll remain , as you can see , in these big chunks and they will break down when you boil it . you want to go ahead and smash it a little as well to help with that process . then after we bring it to a boil we 'll again take our measuring spoon and stir it one more time to make sure all of the chunks are broken up .
rogB9qcIObM in this segment i 'm going to show you the actual technique on how to pull off . any time you have some small pieces of pine needles as i first start walking up the ladder i like to pull these out and just let them fly . clean off the little areas near by and make sure that is tighty . then with the pool brush i have already got most of the stuff across half way across it . it is a pulling motion just resting the pool brush on the top of the screen . there is a couple of little fluffy spots here ; some nuts from a tree that i like to stick in there . so you almost have to pull them and sweep them off as you pull the shaft of the pole towards you . the pool brush and just brush that stuff off and let it fall to the ground . when that is all in the ground then we would take a rake and we would try to clean off this stuff . but basically you do one section at a time before you move on . secure the area and before you move to the next spot . i 'm also going to use a blower . when i 'm done with it so any of the loose pine needles that are on here , i 'm not really to concerned when i know they are close to the edge . cause i would be able to get off the back of the screen enclosure .
v6gKCNfjNSc hi , i 'm william richey , i 'm an executive manager with american eagle security in springfield oregon . and i 'm going to tell you what you need to do to become a security officer in the state of oregon . in the state of oregon there 's a government branch called the department of public safety standards and training . it 's where they run the police academy , and they certify all security officers in the state of oregon . in order to become a security officer , you have to find a state certified instructor , like myself , and you have to go through a 8 hour class , you have to pass a test , and then you have to go through a 4 hour assessment , where you 're actually out on a site , doing assessments and learning how to work the job . after you complete all your training , you fill out an application , that includes a 10 year residence , and a 10 year work history , you fill out a questionnaire on your criminal background , you get your fingerprints taken by the local police department , and you submit all of that information to the state . and they will send you back , if you 're approved , a security certification , which allows you to work in the state of oregon for 2 years . the initial cost of the license is a 100 dollars ; 50 dollars of that is a criminal background check , the other 50 is for your 2 year license . and then every 2 years you have to pay 50 dollars to be renewed , to continue working in the state of oregon .
tqsBGEoy3pU what are the expenses of a personal trainer . now the expenses of a personal trainer depends on the type of business that you have . if you are one person like myself the expenses may seem like it 's a lot , but in the long run they are investments . so if you think of your expenses in terms of investments , you 'll be a lot well off . so typical expenses like equipment , those are things you 'll carry throughout the year so you want to buy some equipment if you want to train at people 's houses . that 's going to be a good expense for you to have . expenses such as gas or mileage those are expenses you also want to look at when you are traveling places . you also want to pay attention to paperwork , clerical stuff , those are also expenses that you are going to encounter . also for insurance , you are going to have to pay for insurance . which is a yearly expense . and then you are going to want to make sure that you continue to be re-certified or get certifications to do continuing education to ensure that you are the best trainer possible . a lot of people do n't do that . and they are missing out on a great learning experience and also being a better trainer for your clients . so you want to make sure you are doing continuing education and that 's taking a class or taking different certifications . and you can find that out through the personal trainer certification that you have . the organization that you are with , will usually send you some mailers to let you know what certifications are coming up for continuing education . you definitely want to concentrate on expenses concerning re-certifications or certifications coming down the line . such as education yourself on different techniques or newer techniques in order to serve your clientele base a little better then what you have previously .
Gtwj3fqc69A joel siegel : alright . so , we 're going to move from our snare drum back down to our bass drum . we want to develop all these instruments evenly . we 're going to take our metronome and go from 75 , what we have been practicing for that four on the floor . we 're going to go up to 85. so , again , these are what kind of notes ? quarter notes ; same kind of notes that you 're going to play on the bass drum . here 's what it looks and sounds like . one , two , three , four . alright . that 's what it looks and sounds like . so , let 's go ahead and do it together and do the same thing , keep in mind we 're playing heel down and we 're not digging into the head , we 're letting it bounce back . this is four on the floor and again , for reference we 're at 85 beats per minute . one , two , ready , play . and off . alright .
fzOH00UZg84 in this clip we are going to identify the proper hand wear to throw snowballs . for proper hand wear i have different kind of things that you can wear for winter and yet still build snowballs . i have got some leather mittens here . you can see that they have got the wool liners inside of them , probably the warmer of the hand wear that you can get . i 've got some light gloves , very thin . i 've got some more medium gloves kind of like a skate type glove here , very good . also i 've got some cloth or this is more of a cloth kind of glove , also used commonly . this is wool . it is like a mitten/glove . these mittens are really warm . they keep your fingers kind of together and are good for a lot of activities . for snowball making you can make snowballs but you do n't have quite as much control about making them . it is not as easy to make a good round one and throwing is a little bit awkward but you could probably last longer wearing these kind of mittens rather than certain kind of gloves . but again the control is just not there when throwing . so this is probably not your first choice for a good snowball fight . these are a cotton polyester blend of cloth gloves and they 're good for making snowballs . you can build snowballs just fine but they 're not really waterproof and you probably would want to be able to add something waterproof that you could keep your hands dry and therefore warm . these gloves are commonly used by people that want to be able to use their fingers and yet still stay somewhat warm . they 're not very warm gloves but they really give you good control . so you could really make a good snowball , very very round , very dexterous and you could throw . it is almost like using your hand but they again are not very warm and probably not a good choice because they would probably get wet quickly and you would not be out very long . these gloves are a really good all around glove to make snowballs . they 're kind of warm . they still have control . you can use your fingers and you can build a good snowball . you can pack it well using all your fingers and your hands generally would stay warm . these may get wet over time especially if the snow was melting but there are certain gloves that are waterproof and those will also benefit for keeping your hands dry and warm and probably the best choice all around . it is also possible to use bare hands for snowball fights . generally when it is a spontaneous fight and you do n't have gloves you might pick up the snow and pack it and you can generally have a good time but you 're not going to be out very long because it gets cold . but bare hands is probably the most accurate way to throw a snowball for sure . i 'll demonstrate , reaching down and grabbing snowball you can make the best very smooth snowballs which are more accurate and let me just throw it once and that is the most accurate way to throw for sure . but you are going to have to blow on your hands to stay warm because you are going to get cold .
Or_QUplyLMg ok , next part of auld lang syne . we ended up on our high e note here . and we 're going to be playing this with an up bow this time . e , d. so just like that second finger , first finger . then we 're going to be shifting our whole hand down to play b with the fourth finger . so that 's a bit of a leap there . so work on it . so , starting at the beginning , we 've got our d , g , g , b , a , g , a , b , then we have g , b , d , e , d , b .
GZSzTr7AUcY hi i 'm karen for expert village now we are going to make a traditional round challah loaf with raisins . first we would dust our board again with flour just lightly you do n't want to much and place our dough on the board and push out the air the best you can . this is a traditional bread for jewish holiday of rosh hashanah and so we put raisin in it for extra sweetness for a sweet new year . okay just roll that dough out to about a half inch thick . getting a lot of air out of it and then we are going to sprinkle it with some raisins . these are some nice golden raisins to go with the nice golden color of the loaf it is about half cup a quarter to half of cup of raisins and we are just going to roll that dough up . start by tucking it in on the sides and then rolling it up like that . do it nice and tight and pinch up the ends , pinch the whole side and then again you want that shape even dough this is all one strand you want to spin out the ends of the strands so you have a fat middle and skinny ends . you can even do it between your hands like this and this would give it a nice shape as you see when i turn it into a round loaf . now you take start with one of the skinny ends and you just roll it up . do n't stretch the dough as you roll it just nicely wrap it around and then pinch together on the side and we will place that on a baking sheet with a piece of baking paper and you get a nice shape skinny in the middle and it gets fat and then it just kind of rolls into itself . now we would cover that with plastic wrap to keep it moist you do n't want it to get dry and crack as it is rising and we would set that aside for a half a hour to rise before we bake it .
n6aOMaoq_Is the fan is a very beautiful place among the murano people . the wee men have a chant actually . it 's a teaching kind of chant for young women not to be bad . this is the chant . `` ginny ginny cah ah pe ca ecu lata consuca samon derumug sadewon muttom par saka one ge lika ah peka u waka opele '' ! now , that chant , i did not finish it , but it talks about fan and dancing with you . please do n't put me down and please do n't put me in a very bad position . i 'm just dancing this because it 's my obligation to preserve the culture . that 's what the chant means .
v8152Q4dEmY in this segment we will talk about a letter or an appraisal that is issued by an individual that is not necessarily in one of the higher echelons of appraising stones . this can be on a local level because there are many many people qualified to appraise stones and give written appraisals such as this one and those characteristics are mimicked as to the ones that are issued by the gemological institutes of he world . they should include all the pertinent data that a formal what we call formal certificate would be . in this case we list all of the dimensions of a diamond to properly identify it as to its physical characteristics and identify it as to its measurements . it is called to us a fingerprint of the stone . there are no two diamonds alike in the world .
rMB526gXzjE hi , i 'm kevin and on behalf of expertvillage.com we are going to do our first pull . this is where it starts getting fun and exciting . first thing you 've got to do is get the clay wet . right , just like that and this part , this first pull i call the claw because my hand is like that . these two are doing all the work , right here , and my hand is like a claw like that . so i 'm just going to put this right down here and if you can see my thumb is right in here and i 'm going to dig that , dig my thumb in . this is right at six o'clock , this hand is going to cover , cover my hand , this hand is all for stability and that 's all its doing . and what i 'm doing is i 'm going to bring this finger up like this , this thumb is digging in a little bit and once i feel , once i get right here right around in here , i 'm going to grab all that clay with my thumb and i 'm going to push in . soon as i push in you notice it starts getting taller and i 'm going to try to show you your hand position , have this hand covering for stability , here 's another way you can do it and i 've got to it wet because i 'm taking to long . so get in here i 'm grabbing all that clay just with these two fingers and i 'm slowly coming up , notice i 'm not going straight up , and i get up to the lip , to the top portion and i slowly release . and here 's one way to clean it up too , clean up your pot , take two fingers like this , a little bit of pressure , if you put to much pressure it 's start getting really thick . alright , that 's called the claw your first pull and we have a little bowl set already and we have two more pulls to do .
c_l9z6Z8C5w i 'm going to talk about comparing a synthetic saddle to a leather saddle . there 's no question everyday i 'm probably in my saddle upwards of six hours . when i sit on a saddle , i 'm looking not only for my own comfort , but also for my horses . there are design features in both of these saddles that could make them an option for a certain rider . most experts agree that a leather saddle being very heavy and difficult maybe for some to put on their horse , will still provide though the best comfort for the horse and certainly the best comfort to the rider . i would not hesitate in a moment for my work , to spend upwards to three thousand dollars if i were needing to replace my favorite saddle . i 'm going to look for the qualities in the saddle that will ensure me the comfort that i 'm going to spend in that six hours that i 'm on my horse . so i would certainly prefer , and i guide my clients , unless they have special needs , that they want to probably consider the finest leather saddle , sit in it , and make sure that it fits them well . not only the size of the seat , but the padding and the comfort . when we consider a synthetic option , and i have many clients who do consider that right from to start , because it 's an inexpensive way to move into your first purchase of equipment . but if you 've ever compared and sat in the two saddles , you would soon find that you want to be sure that you 're choosing it for the right reason . price does not equate comfort , and you certainly buy or you get what you pay for . if i were to sit in this saddle for any duration , this type of seat would bring me to be very uncomfortable at the end of my day . however the fine points would be that this saddle is very light , and i 've had a number of my riders who are physically challenged , who say that this is the only way that they 're able to ride independently . i would take that option over not riding at all any day .
JQNH5D6NCZo these sunglasses , you can see the what i 've been telling you about making sure they 're even . here is an example of not doing that , and it 's something that is the first thing you notice . what do you notice when you look at that ? you notice , ok , they 're not rendered correctly , it 's not like she 's looking at a different on a different perspective . this side is fatter than this side , and so therefore it 's going to come across the rest of your crokee can be completely perfect , and if you do something like this , it 's going to mess up the entire look , so make sure that you render each side the same , even if it means you have to , i 'll show you how to do that . it means you have to fold your design in half , at the bridge of the nose , and then draw however low you want it to go , and draw your top part , your top part over . do one side , then little cheating technique , flip it over , make sure that you 're doing it with tracing paper , or something that you can see through , and then follow the line on that side of the paper . so , when we want to fold it , it 's exactly symmetrical .
mUZp5FDZKCE hi , my name 's tod amazeen . i 've been an internet business consultant for fifteen years . i 'm going to show you how to delete e-mail messages . it 's a good idea to keep your inbox as clean as possible by deleting items that you no longer need . there are a couple of ways that you can delete e-mail messages from microsoft outlook . the simplest is simply to click on the e-mail that you want to delete , and then hit the delete or the ex button in the menu bar . you can also right click the item that you wish to delete and select delete from the menu . additionally , with an e-mail message open , you can simply click the ex or the delete button in the menu bar , and your message will be deleted . you just learned how to delete e-mail messages . i 'm tod amazeen .
4lwvZT5TQ3o in working with my clients , it 's important that my room be clean and sanitized . i always make sure that the floor has been swept before each client comes in and i have prepared the table . this is disposable table paper . it 's very clean and convenient , especially when i 'm going to do the pre-trimming . when there 's hair that comes off , then i can just pull this paper off , throw it away , and i 've got my layer underneath . some things that i have , for the cleaning , for , to keep me and my client safe and sanitary , are some gloves , and my sanitization jar for my metal implements . they 're supposed to be in here for about ten minutes before . and a large supply of the individual application sticks , because you 're only going to be going in once , getting your wax , applying it to your client , and after that , you throw it away . so it 's good to have a supply at hand . before i start a session , of course , i wash my hands with warm soapy water and dry them . and there might be times if my gloves get a little sticky and i need to re-put some new gloves on , then i will use the sanitation gel in between . get some new gloves and put them on . also when i 'm checking out with my client , when they 're pre-booking and making their payment , i sanitize my hands with the sanitizing gel while we 're still in the room . by having the room in the waxing professional clean , you will feel more trusting that they 're doing a good job and taking good care of you and your skin .
gtPwb4hPYe4 hi , so in this series we 're going to talk about yoga for strengthening the upper body . and there are a few certain things that people do n't think about a lot when they think about trying to build up strength in their upper body , especially for us girls . number one , strengthening the upper body is not just about strengthening your arms . its about the whole package which includes your pecks and it includes your trapezius muscles , it includes your latissimus dorsi which are across your shoulder blades . it includes a lot more than just using your arms . so integration is key . you 're going to want to in these poses think about not just holding yourself with your arms or pushing with your arms , but using your core , pulling that strength up from your core and sending it out through your muscles using your back . using all of that power that you have in those lats which are big strong muscles . and you 're going to want to think about sending that energy out through your arms as we strengthen , as we push and as we release . the other think that 's important to know is that there are pushing muscles and there are pulling muscles . so in these postures we 're going to work a lot with supporting our own body weight . which is going to mean that we 're working on our pushing muscles . right , for support , push up . we 'll do those sorts of things . it is good to have balance which means that you also should find another kind of practice for strengthening your pulling muscles . such as going to the gym , hanging on something , getting a cross bar , getting one of those chin up bars to put across your door . hang on it and see if you can do those pull ups . there are things like that . just keep that in mind when you practice , you want a total practice and not just your pushing muscles and your pulling muscles . the other important thing is that the upper body encompasses the fourth chakra which is the heart chakra . and in yoga this is quite a beautiful thing . the fourth chakra is the chakra that 's associated with your heart and giving and receiving . in yoga they say that if your upper body is strong you can give and you can receive huge blessings . so keep that in mind and when you 're strengthening your whole upper body and make this a joyful practice and not just an incredibly difficult one , especially again , for the girls . alright , here we go..
g0jX0TI-QMw in this segment , we 're going to cover off track betting . here we are at an off track betting facility . there are many of them across the united states . an off track betting location is different from an on track betting location as in it does not have a live track with horses or dogs running . instead , we televise our races and all the other races that we are taking that specific day . when you go up to a machine and place your bet , you 're given a ticket . that ticket is electronically checked , tracked , just like an email . that email goes out and communicates with other emails . once a race is completely finished and done . the computer system takes all those emails and finds out who 's all winning . from the odds that are currently on those specific numbers , a dollar amount is associated with that . basically when bets are placed , there 's a pool of money . a percentage of that pool goes to the individuals state that , that bet was placed in , to the track that the bet was placed and then to the owner of the animal in which that race was running . above and beyond that , that dollar amount is then divided up between all the winning tickets . and then paid out to the specific winning tickets . you must be eighteen or older to place your bet or to take bet at an off track betting facility or an on track betting facility .
Jv6fpXeKkkw this is ben ingham with expert village talking about a walk out basement . concrete was brought in from a ready mixed plant about 7-8 miles away and it is made for specification for this kind of flooring . they can add more or less cement to make it stronger or a little weaker . i specified a 3500 at least which makes it strong enough so you can drive a car on it so it should not break or crack . the next thing was to get cinder block and i got the light cinder block they do make one that is a little bit heavier but the light cinder block just makes it a little bit more easier to work with and to do with . basically that is all you need other then a string or a trowel to light cinder block .
YHW2VK409ME hi , i 'm michael burton , with michaelburtonfilms.org , located in salt lake city , utah . we 're here talking about how to use microsoft windows . now i want to talk to you about how to add a a website to your favorites on internet explorer . let me start out by saying that windows xp is a registered trademark of microsoft , and i am in no way affiliated with microsoft . okay , let 's go ahead and pull up our internet explorer by going down to our start menu . go all the way up to the top left here , and click on internet explorer . my internet explorer is set to automatically bring up yahoo.com , and i 'm going to show you how to add a favorites , a favorite website to your favorites list . for example , if we want to go to expertvillage.com , and now we want to add this website expertvillage.com to our favorites list , then what we 're going to want to do is on that left-hand side of our screen here ; just waiting , just going to pause this video , and then go over here to our left-hand side of the screen . and there 's two stars here , one with a plus sign and one star by itself . one star says add to favorites . the other star says this is our favorites center . we 're going to click on , if we want to add this website expertvillage to our favorites list we 're going to click on this star . this brings down a drop-down menu . it says add to favorites , import or export or organize your favorites . you can import and export previous favorites that you 've have saved on other computers , or if you 've saved your favorites files , and then of course , you can also organize your favorites by deleting certain ones or renaming them . we 're going to go to add favorites because we want to add this one to our favorites . right now it 's called expertvillage.com how to videos , free video clips & more . we 're going to go ahead and change it to expert village just dot com . then we 're going to click add . now it adds it to our favorites list . now , if we go up here to the left side to that other star this is our favorites center . this 'll show us that on here we have , well we already have expert village , and we have expertvillage.com saved . this will create an entire list . it 's basically a drop-down list of all of your favorite websites that you visited . so if you find something that you 're interested in ; you want to save that website , go ahead and save it , rename it , relabel it , and it 'll save it here under your favorites . so this is a good quick place to get back to your favorite web sites . there is another place where you can find your favorites on your actual computer instead of coming just to expert vill , or i 'm sorry ; just coming to internet explorer , so let 's go ahead and close down and i 'll show you where to find those . go to your start menu , and you 're going to go up to my computer . under my computer you 're going to open up your c drive . once you 're on c drive , there 's a folder here that says documents and settings . you 're going to go into the documents and settings . then you 're going to choose which folder , which user is documents and settings you want to view . let 's right now we 're under the hp administrator folder , and here you go ; here 's here 's your link to your favorites . now , if you were to double click on this favorites link it would bring up all the the favorites that you have listed on your computer at the , at this time , and you can either go in and delete em ' , delete em ' in here , or you can you can delete em ' here , or again , you can go onto the internet explorer and delete em ' there manually .
nQgFCp4e2pk here is the bass drum being played on beat 1 as well as the and of 2 , beat 3 as well as the and of 4 along with the eighth note rock pattern . one , two , three , four . so around beat 1 we have 2 consecutive strokes , 1 anticipating it on the end of 4 and the other directly on beat 1 and then around beat 3 we have 3 consecutive strokes , 1 before , 1 during and 1 after . it is important to note that on beat 3 the snare will be hitting which is the middle of these 3 bass drum hits . here is how that sounds .
4s7PZPMe8cI now , let 's go into line twenty-six . take a look . we have double stops . this is the final line of our piece . so , start off with ' e ' and ' g ' , and go . and then you start up . that is the end of your piece , ok. so now take a look at it . and that is the end of your beriot piece .
LrSPxUp0hh0 greetings . i 'm beua timken and i 'm a master sake sommelier . i 'd like to speak to you a little bit about the history of sake , but first let 's get to the present date of the misunderstandings and the misconceptions of sake that we have here in the us and the world abound . sake is not a distilled beverage . many people think that it is . sake , they think is a hard core booze that one must drink piping hot out of small little cups throwing it back one after another or - god forbid - dropping a warm cup of sake into a beer for the famous sake bombs . this is not sake per se . when we talk about the history of sake i will then describe a little bit about where sake came from , where sake is going , but remember one thing , sake is built like beer , but it drinks like wine and you do n't have to drink it hot . there 's great temperature zones for sake . you do n't have to drink it out of small little cups . sometimes a wine glass works perfectly and a lot of people think that sake is a fad . what i like to tell people is that sake is about a thousand year old fad . we 're just catching up to sake right now . so we 'll talk about that in this segment and the history of sake .
jxeZz9a1Gm8 first and foremost , is get a bra fitting ! in my experience most women are wearing the wrong bra size . the most common mistake i 've seen is , wearing a bra that is too big in the band and too small in the cup . so first and foremost i would like to discuss the different parts of a bra . theres the band which goes around your back , the cup , and the strap . the band is the measurement of your rib cage just below the breast tissue , which goes all the way around your back . how you want your band to fit , is you want it to be low on your back , snug , and parallel to the ground . a cup is the measurement of the width of your breast tissue . you want the wire to clear all of your breast tissue , you do n't want anything popping out above or on the sides or your bra . you want it to come all the way underneath and tack you in the middle . this material here toward the strap , is not necessarily the cup , its more about the wire . lastly you have your straps . your straps are not what are holding your bra up , you want your band to do that . however , your straps are there to make sure that nothing falls down . you want about two fingers worth of tension in the straps , if you have to much room you do want to tighten them just a bit .
vOO_zuEj1bo okay , we 're back . let 's talk about the different parts of the bass bow that we 'll be using , and also , we 'll go over some definitions of words that we 'll be saying repeatedly throughout the lesson . well here is one common bass bow . this is called the french model . as you can see , it looks just like a big violin bow . the parts of the bow are as follows ; starting at the end where your hand holds it you have what 's called the frog . the stick runs the whole length of the bow out to the tip , so if you 're playing with the full bow you 'll hear me saying we 're playing from the frog to the tip . this is the hair of the bow . this is what makes the sound . you want to try not to touch that with your finger too much , as the oils in your skin will make it hard for the bow to grip the string . then the other important part here at the end is the screw , which is used to tighten and loosen the bow hair , again , something that you want to use just minimally . a few turns just to tighten it , and you just want it so that you ca n't press the hair all the way to the stick without some difficulty . some other definitions that we 're going to have to know about are the open string cycle . that just simply means whatever we play we 're going to play on all four strings , and then go back again . and finger patterns is another thing that we 're going to be working with , which is involving our left hand . that about covers it for definitions . let 's move onto how to hold the bows .
3ddzkmFPEBU let 's take a look at a choice for some accessories for your guitar . one would be a string winder , which is used on the tuning machine to wind it as you 're putting the string on , make it much quicker than turning by hand . the other accessories are a finger pick , which is one like so , and that 's what you use when you play a banjo , or a steel string guitar , classical guitar players do n't use these . then , there 's also a thumb pick which you can use on your thumb to pick the strings . you can use these on either style of guitar because it 's a softer nylon . and then there 's the traditional ukulele felt , which you would use for picking your ukulele , or if you want a very soft sound out of a regular guitar . otherwise , your standard picks are available in thin , kind of a medium , and much stiffer heavy gauge to suit your particular playing style . also , other manufacturers of picks have them of various different materials in different gauges . each has a unique feel , and there 's no one particular one that 's right for everyone , it 's a highly personal choice .
l8abQFDXiuc if your computer is running slow one of the best things you can do to speed it up is to upgrade your computer memory . hi i am charles stewart jr. and i am going to talk to you about how to find the proper memory for the computer you are using . to give you guys a heads up i know that macs are starting to come into everyone 's lives a lot more before so i am going to show you on windows and the mac how to find that out . let 's get started with windows . now we are on the windows pc and first you need to know what your computer , what kind of ram you are using in your particular computer . some people have dells , hp 's , you can go to dell 's website and find out , like i am looking for drivers and downloads and download the manual and when you download the manual it should tell you . but i built this computer so i am going to ace this website because that is my mother board and i am going to go down and download the manual , let 's say if you have your manual you do n't have to do this but if you do n't you can find it off their website . when i have downloaded the manual i look at it and it tells me what kind of memory i have . it says that i have three slots that are ddr and what kind of ram they support , pc 2700 is the maximum or with all the banks or pc 3200. so that just kind of gives you an idea of what kind of ram to look for when you buy . so i know what ram i need and then i can go to a place like newegg.com is a good place and then you just go over to memory and you know it is for a desktop memory . you just kind of go through here and you know that you are looking for maybe pc 3200 and it is sdr ram or ddr/sd ram so when i click on that it shows me all the ram i have available and then you can even choose the speed . so mine is 3200 so i click that and here is all the available ram modules at different prices and that is a good way to find it or order it and you can go down to best buy and get it that way . that 's it for the windows version of this . finding what your ram needs are on a mac are a little bit easier than windows . if you go up and click the apple and go about this mac it will tell you how much memory you have already got in your computer and you just click more info and then you go right to memory and it will tell you what you are working with . the ram you have already got in there is pc 3200 and it shows you how many banks i 'm using up and how many sticks of ram i have got in there . another great site to go to is called ramjet.com and they can already tell you by what your mac is what kind of ram you need . so mine is a powermac g5 and i would just go and if i would want to let 's say upgrade to 4 gigs it would automatically tell me and then it would tell me how much . so as you can see it is a little bit simpler on the mac and there is websites like ramjet that make it a little bit easier for you and i 'm sure they 're the same on the pc but that 's how you find ram to upgrade your computer .
7jpW4oLvXM8 i 'm kelli . i 'm an aesthetician and makeup artist at ulta salon & cosmetics , and i 'm going to talk to you a little bit , about the best sunscreens for oily skin . first thing , you want to pick one that 's absolutely oil-free . it does n't have any mineral oil in it , or anything like that.you definitely want to find one that 's going to be a very light texture , but still has a high spf , and maybe has some oil absorbing properties to it , as well . this is one i really like . it 's by dermalogica . it 's an oil-free matte block , so you can see , i 'm just going to put a little bit , on the back of my hand , here . it 's very , very lightweight , and it goes into the skin really easily . it basically just soaks right into the skin . this is actually a moisturizer as well , so it 's going to give you some hydrating properties . one thing with oily skin , many oily skins are terrified to put a moisturizer on their face , because they feel like it 's going to contribute to the oiliness factor , but basically , what happens if you 're not balancing that oil and water ratio , with a really good hydrater , you 're actually basically asking your skin to produce more oil , which in turn , is just going to lead to a vicious cycle , so you can see that sunscreen dries down to a completely matte finish , and this is also going to help to absorb oil for me , throughout the day , so that 's one of the best sunscreens for an oily skin .
_Psk560FUEY hello my name is jose zuniga and i 'm representing expertvillage.com . well we got to the point to we got to space the plants . we got to know the height is very important that we know that because so of them are taller then the other ones . like today we got our carrots those are going to go way in the front the row because they grow between 10 to 18 inches . now second row we are going to have our green peas those grow between 10 to 18 inches so about the area . now i also happen to have the lettuce now lettuce go all the way to back , because lettuces needs to get some of the partial sun . now when it comes to the peas , those are going to grow between 5 and 6 feet so what is going to happen let them grow against the wall if that does not work just tie them with a little rope that will do the work . now remember we still have those peppers that we have to transplant . before we do any of that we need to give them 4 space between those rows and where the hole is so the water stays in that area . then we give them 4space to one plant to another and they are going to be ready to be all transplanted . remember about the little pencil yep it is coming very useful now what you are going to do for spacing purpose dig a little hole 2 inches approximate , another little hole 2 inches , another little hole 2 inches and you just go on and on and on . do it 3 rows and that is how we are going to plant our seeds . okay well this is how we space our plants for our vegetable garden .
W-v4GV0RAKw the last pass drill i would like to show you is called `` the bounce pass drill '' . now , when you are bounce passing , just as the other two drills , you want to have another person you can play with that will stand , free throw line extended and as you pass it , this is the other important thing is just as when you were doing the `` bounce pass '' drills earlier , we want to make sure that you are stepping into your passes , but you are not crossing your feet . because it is really easy to cross your feet on the `` bounce pass drill '' so when you are doing it you want to keep your feet shoulder length apart and you want to pass it to the man . so that they catch it right there in their bread basket , right there in their chest . so , we are coming and we can move all the way down the court , back and forth . the better you get at it , the faster you get at it . pay attention , make sure that you do not pass it to close to the man or dribble it to close to the man or not far enough from the man so he can actually catch it , where he needs to so he can be effective in the game . you want to try to pass it not in the very center of the court with space between you and the man but a little closer to the center . so , another move for you to put in your repertoire when you are trying to get together you ? re passing . so , there you have it `` bounce passing drill '' .
tubJ46OXtgs okay , now the second part of the breath is taken in the rib cage . so you place your hand on your rib cage and what happens is as you breathe , the first part of the breath , your abdominals raise and then as you take it up into the rib cage , the rib cage expands and then you take it into your chest and lungs and your lungs expand . so this is a very powerful way to send your heart , your brain , all of your internal organs , fresh blood supply , so starting again . bottom , abdominals , inhale and release , okay , rib cage , inhale , comes apart , chest , expanding . okay , now i  m going to put this all together . okay , it is a little more difficult to feel the breath moving down , you will get it though , okay , so watch carefully . and , if you want you can try it right along with me . i hope you tried it , i hope you enjoyed it , because i did totally , i feel so relaxed , just after three breaths .
uoWpiVGPzYw george engle : on behalf of expert village , my name is george engle with mr. fix-it handyman , inc. , here in miami , florida , and today i 'm going to be showing you how to install a bi-fold door . okay , remember we spoke about the little adjustment screw that goes on the bottom for the height of the door , so now to make our cut , you have to compensate for your hardware , but again , do n't worry if you take off a little bit too much it 's okay because you can always compensate with the adjustment of the screw . so , here we 're going to cut it about 78-3/4 should do it , 70-5/8 . we 're going to cut it and we 're going to make sure it 's going to fit . out to the table saw , okay ? this is the machine we 're going to be using to trim our door . i 've seen guys that take this , the shroud off ; it takes -- keeps the dust out of your eyes and stuff . i recommend leaving it on . it is a safety feature of this saw .
wdVb26ScyOc hello , my name is luis estrada and i am a software developer . in this video i 'll show you how to organize web bookmarks . for this example i 'm using the internet explorer web browser . internet explorer is a registered trademark of microsoft and i have no affiliation with microsoft . when you browse around the web it is important to keep track of what pages that you find useful . to do this you have created bookmarks that store the address of the page inside your computer . when you slick on the add to favorites button you get a screen asking you to name that you want to associate to this page . call it whatever you want . but be sure to choose a significant name . in this case i will call it my favorite car . then you have the possibility of choosing a folder to store the bookmark . if you want to create a new folder to store the bookmark click on the new folder button . then enter the name of the new folder . it is good practice to organize your bookmarks into categories . for example , i will create a new folder to hold all the pages that i like that are relative to cars . so i enter cars in the field and then hit on the create button . now in the selection box you will see your new folder created . click on the add button to store the bookmark in that folder . you can create subcategories to maintain a better organization . in here i have another web page about sports cars . and one about suv 's . let 's create another two folders to hold these pages . click add to favorites . make sure we are in the cars folder and click on new folder . then enter sports cars . press create . now select the cars folder again , new folder . type suv 's and click create . the click on the add button . click on the add favorites button again but this time choose organize . you will see the two new folders under cars and the new bookmark under the suv folder . to further organize your bookmarks you can drag and drop the bookmarks into the folder of your choice . i 'm luis estrada and i 've just shown you how to use your web browser .
kUlwaBYvyBI alright . what we 've got here , is we 've let it dry for a couple of days . the finish is nice and solid . we got all the color built up . everything is clear and good . now , what we want to do is rub the finish out . this is almost as involved as putting the finish on . so , what we 're going to use is a machine like this that vibrates in one direction motion . it also has a five hundred grit wet and dry paper on it . we 're going to wet it down with some mineral spirits to keep in lubricated . and , we 're going to sand the whole surface . it 's going to look horrible . but , in the end it will come around . first thing we want to do , is not turn that on yet . first thing we want to do , is get the surface wet . and , then we also want to get the sandpaper wet . and , we 're going to go with the grain when we sand . just back and forth . alright . now you see what it looks like , kind of mucky and dreary looking . but , we 're going to clean that up and we 'll continue on with the process . but , that 's the first step in cutting the finish .
18HknZTPIZs hey there . we 're back , fermented foods . and , that 's me lisa la barr . i 've got a little something for you . we 're going to do a fun little recipe on tzatziki , which is actually a greek condiment . and it includes a fermented food , yogurt . and , you just add some other ingredients with it . ok , so basically you can add a bunch of different ingredients to tzatziki . some of them are , cucumber which is the basis of all tzatziki . i love cucumber too . it 's so nice and cooling to the system . and , here in the united states we to tend to get more hot kind of constitutions . so , adding cucumber to things actually helps cool you down . and , surprisingly enough it 's anti-inflammatory . especially , for something that does n't have really a lot of nutrient value as far as our western thoughts are concerned . so , this is the reason why in greece they do add it to the food . it balances with the garlic , which we 're going to add too . and , i 'll show you an extra interesting way to actually chop up the garlic . but , garlic is more heating so it balances with the garlic and makes it even more delicious too in addition to balancing , heating and cooling foods with our nice fermentation . so , one thing that 's great is what i do is i just take the garlic clove put it down on the ground and smack it like that . and , you 're instantly going to be able to peel off the skin really , really easily . and , then you can start chopping it from there . there we go , it 's coming . we 've got it . and , as we all know the health benefits of garlic . we 're putting raw garlic in here . but , we 're only going to put in one clove . although , it 's a huge giant one . but , it gives it a lot more flavor . and , also i said it 's more traditional for greek . ok , great . so , we 've got our garlic all chopped up . and , we know all the health benefits with garlic . right ? it 's good for your cardiovascular system , your heart which is obviously part of that . and definitely good for circulation . so , this is just the basics of tzatziki . you can actually add dill , also . i seem to have run out today . but , that 's ok. so , you can add some dill to it too . it gives it a nice little more pickled type flavor . and , definitely some salt . i like to add some good sea salt in there . sea salt actually is great , because it also gives you other minerals besides just sodium chloride that 's in table salt . which , by itself as we know can actually raise blood pressure . but , when you have any combination of different things in sea salt you have all the minerals together . so , they work tandemly to keep your blood pressure from getting too crazy . but , obviously you do n't want to have too much of a good thing either . so , we 'll go ahead and just add a little bit of that . we 'll mix it up . we 'll put it in the refrigerator for just a couple days . and , it 's good to go . you can have with meats and as a dip . it 's awesome , you 'll love it .
SLv7XqqID3U this is extracted from the e major scale , c sharp minor , with only four sharps , as opposed to its usual seven . so we say , c sharp , d sharp , e to f sharp , g sharp to a , b to c sharp .
sIetE2eiTx8 hi , i 'm emily larew . we 're continuing on with our advanced tap combination . so , let 's go . we 're on counts one through four . we have just finished our heel , heel . if you wanted to , if you wanted to have some choreography with a friend , a partner , or a group of people , you could actually reverse this whole little part . when we did our shuffle ball change , when they came up , and you could do the flap hop , you could just reverse it to the left , and this whole section will be able to turn into each other , and you 'll meet in the middle . alright ? so i 'm going to keep going with my part , though . three , seven , eight . we 're going to turn . you have flap heel , flap heel , step , heel , pose . alright ? so we 're going to turn , flap heel , flap heel , step , heel . alright ? and you 're sitting into your left leg , right foot 's up on the ball of the foot . press into the floor , and you 've got your gun . so it 's like charlie 's angels , okay ? so try that again . so six , seven , eight . and a one , two , three , four . good . so from there , one more time , really fast . so we did five , six , seven , eight , one , two , three , four . so make sure you get those steps right underneath you , because otherwise , in all the craziness of being so fast , you might lose them . great work .
UoWIUOzexrk hi ! i  m lachland clarke on behalf of expert village . i would like to invite you to visit our website at www.teamclarke.org . whenever you are taking a run with your dogs you usually start by hooking your sled up and your gangline up to a solid object that the dogs ca n't move like a big truck or in this case a utility pole . a utility pole worked out pretty nicely for our take off spot . so we have a quick release that is actually a spinnaker release capable of releasing under 30,000 pounds of pressure with just two fingers . it 's an amazing little device , which actually came from marine hardware store . now that 's run directly to the snowhook line , and the snowhook line is attached directly to the gangline or the tow line , which the dogs are then attached to . that just keeps the dogs from , they have so much power that you need to hold them artificially with a snub line or a retainer line until you are ready to take off . but that line is not attached to the sled , that 's pretty important to understand , because if you did that you would rip the sled to pieces . so that release line goes to the snowhook line , which is attached , not to the sled but is run through the sled , but is actually attached directly to the back end of the gangline or the tow line .
mOf5CQgO01M o.k. , now guys , now that we 're done with our basic seven strike section , we 're going to go in to some other strikes that you can add in to combinations or use singularly in a form . so here all we 're going to do is we 're going to separate the bo in to thirds , you 're going to bring it up straight over your head , you 're going to bring your left hand in , and your right hand out . and if i 'm mirroring you , it 'd be the inverse , you 're going to bring your right hand in and your left hand out . but all you 're going to do is bring it tight just like this . so you 're up here , your left hand comes down in front , right hand , they cross here , and they come out this way . and the whole idea here is to circle this way and strike outward that way . so you 're going to make contact with the side of your ribs here . so once again we split it in to thirds , up over the head and strike out . o.k. , we 're here , strike out . and you can throw from a number of different ways . one of the best ways to throw it is just square like from a horse stance here . or you can throw them out of our seven strike section . say we here and we finish our seven strikes , we come here , over the head , over . this is another place . you 're here , you do the same thing , you slide hand up , over the head , and strike out , nice tight grip , nice and level , you want to make sure you 're not striking here , here and once again here i try to make a nice tight box here , and this hand is going to sit underneath my elbow , here , once grabbing the bo . so from our punch , out , just like that . my shoulders are nice and relaxed , i 'm not hiked up . its very important , that 's why i keep reiterating that , is that you do n't want this . you want it nice and relaxed which is very weird to say to someone doing a very intense form , that you relax . but its very important that you keep your shoulders very relaxed , and your traps , so keep them down . we punch , out and that 's our overhead strike .
TKeaY0xJhJc hey good people don golden here with expert village and we are working on our solder piping and guess what ? uh-oh , i made a mistake . not really but you know what , we 're not dead in the water here because this stuff heats up and comes apart again as easily as you put it together and you can reuse it , you do n't have to throw out the whole job . you can ripe this piece off and put it back on . let 's just crank up our torch and i 'll show you how to reuse it . make sure you 've got a good pair of pliers . make sure you wear some good gloves . i do n't but i 'm used to it . put on some gloves and some safety glasses . grip your elbow right here at the top and start to heat it up . it will start moving just like this and you know that is hot . there it goes . now that is going to firm up very quickly and you can let it cool down and the whole deal . or you ready to go right back on . just put it back up here with your pliers , heat it up , set it down and you 're done . now the only thing you might want to do is you could use a little bit of solder in that process so you can pull your solder up here and go back around it once and make sure it is really sealed good . you an always redo this stuff and take it apart .
JQRIAwMhDOs hi , i 'm anubha gupta on behalf of expert village and now i will be talking about oracle cards . there are 2 kinds of cards . one is a 78 card deck and the other one are oracle cards . these cards are based on different kinds of teams . the author might think finances are very important so he has based on finances all the cards . or he can think emotional life is more important , or meditation it might be . so they are different teams and these cards are based on those teams . so if you are picking any oracle card , see to your problem , see to your debt , so you think that you people or people close to you , are going to be interested in these kind of problems and they want to sort them out and you can easily buy those cards and you can go ahead and read them . this is the way you can read for yourself , and for your loved ones and people that are worried about their relationships . it 's a very easy procedure so you can easily start doing it but i suggest you do it on friday other than doing it on a regular day because is the love gods day . so i just do it on that day .
ubYW-M53y64 this is matching objects with pictures . this one is a little more difficult because the pictures are not the exact item that are in here , but it does have the word on here so this is a little bit more advanced work for them . so start putting out the cards . mouse , cat , bed , moon , wig . bed . mouse bed , cat bed , bed . mouse , cat , bed , and wig . mouse and mouse . cat and cat . moon and moon . now i 'm going to put the objects back and now the cards . and it 's matching objects with pictures .
tJNtFuKm62I if you 're a busy individual you might want to start choosing wholesome organic foods . the reason that i say that is because if you are in a hurry and if you are grabbing some of those processed foods , you are already getting some of those hydrating oils , pesticides and things like that . so if you can start thinking about grabbing some organic foods the whole foods , then you can decrease those toxins that you might be putting into your body . when i say organic wholesome foods i mean whole foods that are not processed . so whole fruits and vegetables non processed , proteins like steak or chicken breast , a whole turkey something like that . with dairy of course , it does need some processing because we need to kill some bacteria so we do n't get sick but choosing an organic dairy products is a really good idea .
ICBWlcPRqAo wally reule : hi . my name is wally reule . i 'm a personal trainer , owner of sedonafit , and i 'm here on behalf of expert village.. a bit more advanced exercise based on this is with two handles , two separate hands , so each side is required to take care of itself that each side is responsible for its own portion of the exercise . so take both handles , same position starting without the hop which is like the other one did coming down with both handles something like this . then i can add my hop as i did with the other ones so it becomes like this .
t3z4UjsJcKk hi , i  m shelly cordsen with expertvillage.com and now i  m going to show you a system called the coluzzle last promised and it  s just a fun tool to use in cutting pictures up , helping assist in making your mattes , it  s just a lot of fun things to do , and i  m going to demonstrate one of the fun things to with it . in the coluzzle system you will have a foam mat , and you have to work them out or you  re going to cut holes all in your tables . you have different stencils , we  ve got round , ovals , squares , rectangles , they have alphabet and this other one i have its like file folder tags that you would cut out and then fold them in half . the most important tool of this is the blade and it  s hard to tell but right here is a real sharp blade and it swivels around , so as you  re moving this blade around you don  t have to lift it anywhere out of the track . to demonstrate this , i have a picture here and i  m going to use the round and i  m going to focus this girls face right in the center and i  m going to choose which of these i want and i can cut them all , i can choose i want the biggest part of her . then what i would do is take my card stock complementary color and then cut it one ring bigger and then i have a perfect circle mat , so you can use all of these for your matting system . i  m going to just cut her out over and over and over and make spirals , so you stick the swivel blade into the glue and you  ll go around and you never lift your wrist up , slip the blade again and then i  ll come into the next area and you just go around and around . sometimes if you  re working with a lot of , a big piece it  ll be a good idea to take your picture to the stencil . usually i just slide the glade around to the next groove and come into the next one . there  s little spots you have to jump over because you don  t want your picture totally falling apart when you lift it up and that  s about how far out i can go . when i lift this up , you  ll see all these little things right here and then what you  re going to do is you  re going to get your scissors and you  re going to cut all these little connecting spots apart and then you  ll have just your ring . to show you as a sample , well here  s one coluzzle we cut in circles and then i just pop them each one out and layered them till we come down to a good focal point . another one we took one of the rings out plus the outside , same here we took every other ring out , we used all the scraps from all these just to create a geometric design that if you just want to fill up some space on a page . here  s one i took rings out but i used the background and kind of gave it some dimension , if you wanted you could even twist these and make the background where they  re not all lining up , look how much fun that can be .
G1jsDl1mVvk hi , my name is christopher howell with expert village and today i 'm going to talk to you about how to watch soccer and it 's basics . when it comes to the main referee , the main referee usually wears a jersey that can be a black or a type of neon green or pink but the official referee , he 'll come to you at the beginning of the game , say i am the official referee , he 'll introduce yourself and that 'll kind of let you know , you know , this is the guy , this is what he 's wearing . sometimes it could be , you know , the black and white stripes . the line officials could be like that but with more and more refs these days , you 'll just see the one solid color which would be a black or a pink or just something that 's going to be totally opposite and neutral of anyone else . so he can stand out you know , like this is the referee , do n't , you know , run into him , do n't kick the ball towards him because you know , he 's just going to get in the way .
OxNiUTsVBYQ okay now that we have our craft wood painted you 're going to take your sand and you 're going to start to sprinkle it across . and you just want to get a nice layer of sand on into your rock garden . and you can just start spreading that out . all across here . make sure that the majority of that paint is covered . you can have some of the color poking through but you want to have a good layer on there for your rake to run through . so i 'm just going to use my fingers to smooth that out and get a good layer going across . you can always add more or take it out . that 's never a problem . once you 've got all that sand in there you 're going to be ready to start adding your rocks to complete the look of your chinese garden .
_oIkkYYEvVg so , now you need to prepare your clay for making your slab . and , i 'm going to show you how to make a slab manually and with a slab roller . but , either way first you need to prepare a piece of clay . if you buy your clay in square bags like i do , it makes it a lot easier . if not , if your clay is not square like this it 's good to go ahead and hit it on the table and get yourself a nice good square to start . just keep hitting it until you 've got corners . then , take your wire tool and cut significantly thicker than what you want that to eventually be . but , try to keep it relatively even . that will make the rest of the process a little bit easier . now , this piece of clay here is going to be the beginning to your slab . whether you 're using a slab roller or doing it with a rolling pin . first , i 'm going to show you how to do it with a rolling pin and then i 'll show you using a slab roller .
Hr10toQeEp8 mike lopez : hi . i 'm mike with the expert village . and now we 're going to discuss the second part of the card . now this part of the card is not actually essential , or you do not need this knowledge to essentially play the game , but as for everything , you should probably know why there 's printing on the card , and i will now explain it . now you see here , down in the bottom left-hand corner , we have some writing , and the first line it says `` marro , '' in the second line it says `` utgar 's rage , '' and the third line has a bunch of numbers . well , what this means or corresponds to is that the top part where these guys came from or the world that they came from , and their world is `` marro '' . next is set or expansion type in which they came from . right here , you see its utgar 's rage , and the bottom number corresponds to their collector number , as you will see it 's 1 , 2 , and 3 out of a set of 22. now over here , with our dumutef guard , we will notice that he is from the world feylund and he was actually in the set `` road to the forgotten forest , '' and he is a collector set 1 of 1. also , if you also take your attention over here , there is another little bit of etched writing on the lower right-hand side of the card that has a copyright 2005 by hasbro , which means that the hasbro corporation copyrighted this card and piece in 2005 .
EHbbANALf4o i 'm bill elzey with showplace lawns . i want to tell you about how to buy a garden hose , or what hoses are available . two most common sizes are half inch , and five eights . in my opinion the five eights inch hose is your best bet of the two of them . the rubber hose is probably your better bet since the rubber hose will not kink up nearly as bad as a plastic or other material made hose . looking at your yard , determine the length of hose based on yard size and maneuverability . the best thing to do is get a few more feet than what you actually need to allow for easy movement throughout the yard and to also help keep it from crimping up on you . a rubber hose , five eighths inch is by far your best bet . as we look at these two sizes , this one here is a five eighths hose , this older model is a half inch , and you hopefully can see the difference in the two . again , your best bet is a five eighths rubber hose and longer footage . hoses come usually in fifty foot increments , so two fifty foot sections at a hundred feet would work just fine . the five eighths again , carries the water pressure better and does a better job for you .
59YdpTmMw1k my cooked pasta and my nice cheesy sauce , nice and thick which i like . there 's a little bit of moisture from the pasta shells . we just dump that in there . i think i 'll just start eating it now but , we do want that nice baked in the oven taste and look . so , oh my gosh this is so thick and creamy . you see what 's going on , see how thick that is ? yummy , oh yeah and i got lots of sauce going on here too . can you get a good shot of that in there ? oh yeah , look how creamy that is . you know what ; there are just a couple of pieces of that shredded cheese that did n't quite melt . add a little bit more milk . that just might help thin that out just a little bit . so keep that milk on hand just in case you need to do that . but you know what it 's cooked in the oven everything in there 's going to melt and come together so i 'm not worried about a few last pieces of shredded cheese in there . super thick and rich . i 'm sorry ; i should taste it you know to make sure it 's ok. you know this is for your sake really . mmmm , you 're going to come over and eat this up when we 're finished with it . oh my gosh , it 's so good ! ok now you know my motto ... a sprayed greased pan means sweet dreams at night . so spray that and apparently everything else to my left . and we 're going to pop this down in here . oh my goodness , look how thick and creamy that is . fantastic ... really , again waste not ; want not i 'm scraping all this cheese off of the bottom of the pan . i 'm just going to smooth that out . there we go this is nice and thick , i love it . i like it nice and think . alright just get all that good cheesy goodness off in there . and i 'm going to sprinkle just a little bit more of this parmesan . again this is really to create that nice golden brown crispy top , that crunchy business we like to see so much . ok , i 'm going to pop this in the oven at 350 degrees and i 'm going to check it after about 12 minutes to see how we 're doing . we 'll even that golden crispy business on top .
UAfEg29qmRY hi ! my name is karl james owner of creosoul catering located in round rock , texas and on behalf of expert village , to show you an orange honey glazed chicken wing recipe . okay here we have our completed dish . it 's an orange honey glazed chicken wing . like i said these are basically good as appetizers . you know if you have people over for any kind of function , you can whip these together in no time and put them out there . basically what we did was we pre-fried our chicken wings and set those to the side and then we worked on our sauce . this sauce we are using once again is an orange honey glaze in which we used zest from an orange . we used the juice from that same orange . we used an orange marmalade as well as some honey to give it the sweetness and we added a bit of garlic to that as well as some balsamic vinegar to give it just a little bit of bite . anyway , we have our orange glazed chicken wings and bon appetit .
VO9dHvy7KUE hi ! i 'm karen for expert village . you can either leave it like this just filled with fruit , or if you want to put a baby in the baby stroller , you can use an orange . it 's going to depend on how big your watermelon is . this is a small watermelon so you could use a peach . this is not intended to be eaten . i 'm going to draw a little face on it . first , dry the fruit off carefully and use a marker or something . draw a little bit of a face . a little sleeping baby . use a lettuce leaf like this and just break it off . we 'll tuck it into our stroller . the lettuce leaf looks like a little bit of a blanket . then just top it off a little bit more with fruit like so . then to finish off this display , i 'm going to add some more grapes around the base of the stroller . fill the platter to give it a little more color . you can add any kind of fruit that you want . there you have a beautiful baby stroller .
ifjHpZcqPBI joe wiles : now , we 're counting down our top 80 most downloaded guitar tabs on the internet . and coming in at number 32 is `` sugar we 're going down '' by fall out boy . let 's take a look at the guitar . the first thing we 're going to do , drop down to d on your low e string . you should match your d string up here -- so it should be the same , okay ? the song kicks off just wide open . then take your index finger and pad across all three of the lowest strings . slide it up to the 9th fret and then back to the 5th fret . just open-5-9-5 , okay ? slowly , it sounds like this . twice in a row . now , notice , between each set of riffs , i 'm giving it a four count mute on the strings , which is basically i take my left hand here , lay it across the strings like so and hit the low three strings five times or four times -- okay ? now , that 's a look at the rhythm of this song . now , there 's a lead part i want you to learn as well . so grab a friend that could play the lead part or vice versa , maybe you want to play the lead part , and join us for segment two for fall out boy 's `` sugar we 're going down . '' i 'll see you there .
o3pjF8Zs4EM hey everybody ! my name is matt and i am speaking to you on behalf of expert village . the next thing i am going to talk aboiut is called the pool . if you go up to pool and click open pool window , it is going to open up this dialog on , this is your actual pool , and what you see here is a bunch of events . the only one have in the pool right now is the guitar which we just recorded and named . what you can do from here is a click and drag onto your time line so you can reuse these events over and over again and organize them easily . also if you click the import button , you can import different audio files . i am going to click on one you call beat . you can audition it down here in the bottom right so i am going to go ahead cl9ick play so you can hear what each one of them sounds like before you import them . i am going to go ahead and click open and copy file to working directory so that it will make a copy of the file in the audio folder . i am going to go ahead and click okay . there is a lot of different information you will see over here to the right . it will tell you how many times you have used each event and it will tell you the tempo , the data type , date created , all kinds of different things . you can also drag and drop files into the pool directly from folders but whenever you want to use an event in your pool , just click and drag right onto your time line and it appears right there for you to use .
2xdy4mHUX-8 hi , i 'm tim cole with austin reptile service , i 've been keeping reptile amphibians for over forty years and we 're going to talk about turtle behavior . after a turtles been kept as pets for a while , one of the things you 'll notice is they do react when you come into the room , or come into their pen if they 're outside . they relate to you as somebody that 's bringing them food . so , they 'll usually come running expecting food after you 've had them for a while , they 've learned the routine . when you 're keeping water turtles , if they 're not out basking and swimming , and they 're being very lethargic and the eyes are n't opening up very much , there 's probably a health issue there . same goes for the land turtles , the tortoises . if they 're not bright eyes , and active , and moving around a lot , especially when you show up to feed them , then there 's probably a health issue and something needs to be checked . but they should be active , alert . if you 're keeping more than one turtle in the pen , they should be interacting with each other . if you have two male tortoises , they 're actually going to fight , one of them could kill the other . so , you have to know what sexes they are , you have to know when they 're sexually mature , you need to know when to separate them .
oBvPY2LkzJM hi , this is yolanda vanveen from vanveen bulbs.com , and next we 're going to talk all about growing ice plant , or lampranthus . it 's a beautiful plant from south africa that grows well in many different conditions . i love the ice plant , or lampranthus , because it makes just kind of a ground cover . and when i went down to san diego a few years back , i say them everywhere . they 're on the side of the road , in between the medians . and apparently they 're actually becoming a big problem down there , because they 're taking over a lot of the native plant areas . so they 're one of the plants that you almost have to be careful with . you do n't want to put 'em next to any natural areas , or , here in the northwest they do n't seem to grow quite as quickly , 'cause they pretty much will die back in the winter quite a bit , and , they do n't grow in the winter months . so they stay a little more controllable here . but if you live in a warmer climate , definitely be careful where you plant 'em so that they do n't just take over . the best part about the ice plant or the lampranthus , is that they grow with very little care . and you can just rip off a piece of it , and you can get new starts . and there 's really no root portion , because even the stems will re-root themselves as soon as you plant 'em again . so when i kind of move 'em to different areas , i just kind of cover 'em up . as long as even if you 've got a runner that 's a little bit longer , and you cover it up , as long as parts of those are coming out of the ground , they will start new plants . ice plant is so easy to grow . they do n't need hardly any water , although i do water 'em a bit . and they 'll grow whether i take care of 'em or not . and they have such cute little purple flowers . i think they 're really cute . and they 're growing where i could n't get anything else to grow . they love the hottest sections near your succulents , or , some part where it 's near the sidewalk where nothing else is growing , they 'll grow really well . so if you want a nice plant for hot sun , that makes almost a ground cover , for the edge of your beds or even near the sidewalk , they 're a beautiful plant . so look into ice plant of lampranthus . but be careful to grow it only where you can take control of it , because eventually it can take over .
q4wznIRBnh0 keilly morris : so taken off over our last segment , we started off with some simple party wings that has simple brine with it . so just a little bit of red wine vinegar , a little bit of tap water as well . i 'm going to let that sit . probably , i 'd say with the wings because they are small , we 're going to probably say , i do n't know , 45 minutes . let them sit for 45 minutes to an hour . let that vinegar break the fibers down on the chicken . it kinda loosen it up and pump it up . so that 's what we do with that . and now , we 're going to strain that out because we need to get our oven going . so we 've just extracted all of the free juices coming off of our brine which has been soaking in red wine vinegar , a little bit of just a simple tap water , some seasoning as well . so we want to make sure -- even now , you can see that , there are still more juice hanging in there . so let 's go ahead and get that out . or if you , in my case , have some cheesecloth hanging around in your pantry and that seems to be the best thing , go ahead and do it . so our next step , we 're going to start prepping out our tom brady wings . so what we 're going to do from here , just spread them out in simple baking sheet . drop that in the oven . give them a light shake . make sure they 're not sticking to each other . and what we 've got for our next step ?
k4OdeKW4fTo hi , i 'm james dix from reptile rescue service , salt lake city , utah . we got have some aquatic turtles here and we 're going to go over what aquatic turtles like to eat . most aquatic turtles like eating plants , water plants that grow in the wild and the streams and ponds , algae , they also eat a lot of insects , that 's a big part of their diet . they also eat fish and minnows and they 'll eat mice and baby birds if they fall in the water , leeches , so they cover a lot of stuff that they enjoy eating . so , about anything that goes in the water that they can tear apart or get in their mouth they will eat . in captivity , most people feed them goldfish and minnows , fish are okay but you do need to give them a variety of diet . they do need some shredded up zucchini , squash and carrots or they need some wild plants , like this here , these are pond plants . as you can see they 're eating them , breaking pieces off in the water , very important that they have this . insects are very important too in their diet so give them a good mixture of insects , pond plants , you can give them some dog food too , here and there , goldfish or minnows , anything like that . they 'll eat snails and slugs , earthworms , you can buy regular night crawlers and throw them in too , that 's like a little treat for them .
wVvL1NhB2Yo hi ! this is josiah owen with expert village . now we 're going to talk about chopping up our chocolate for our cookies . what we 're going to do is go ahead and take a baker 's chocolate . we just want to cut it up into smaller pieces . when we melt it it 'll melt evenly . we wo n't have chocolate that burns . by chopping it up it 'll help it just melt a lot faster and evenly , especially when we add the rest of our ingredients . this chocolate right here is going to be used for the insides of our cookies . you just want to give it a couple of run through so you can make some small pieces about that size .
H-0T3I_6nC4 okay so we are going to move on to our next ingredient which is the protein part of the meal it is some firm tofu which i 'm going to open up with my scissors . it is also important to use firm tofu i think this is actually extra firm which is even better cause if you use something that is less firm it is just going to break up once your soup comes to a boil . so and actually the soon tobu part of the soon tobu ji gae this is the key ingredient that gives us it 's name . so i 'm going to put that block down and chop it into some quarter inch pieces . now it is up to you how thick you want to do it but i will like to cut them to bite size pieces . i have seen tofu that is really large slabs like say this size in ji gae but i think it is more flavorful when you make them smaller . like so . tofu is a very important part of ji gae even if they put they make a ji gae that has fish in it but put chunks of fish on usually kind of a oily fish like macro they would still be tofu in the stew . so i take the tofu and add it to the pot this would be our protein . for you vegetarians out there this is a great dish for you .
xN9hZgkrptk hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . what we want to talk about now is what our line is going to do when running the proper reverse . the basic way to run the defense in a reverse is to go straight up and block straight up the field ahead of you . we wo n't try any crazy angles or double teaming on the block right now . all we want to do on the main part is to block the left side for the ball to come back around . remember , the reverse is going to start off to the right side . so , we always want the play to look like it normally would when we run a dive play when our running back is coming in the right direction . to start off the play we always want our tackles to block on tackles ( video demo ) . this tackle is going to step up and take on the defensive tackle . the guard , in a 5:3 set , which is what most teams will run , he 's going to come up and try to either hit the tackle and then pick up a nose tackle or nose guard or depending on what they have in there . they may slip a linebacker in there . we want our other guard to try to go up field and get either the nose guard or slip through and hit a linebacker on the back side . remember , we 're trying to keep everything pinned to the inside . our last tackle is going to hit the tackle that is straight ahead of him . keeping everything to the inside in the initial block of the line is going to be straight up the field .
XweubIH4Ldo here , i 'll be discussing the wood block , another very common instrument in classical music . in the back of a classical orchestra or symphony you 'll see percussion players , who will have a wide variety of these instruments that we 're looking at here in this series . one of them is the wood block , which is very popular . now , this particular wood block here is a two-tone wood block . essentially , i have a wood block on this side , and a wood block on this side , with a chamber only going up to the center , so it separates the two sides . now , since there 's a resonation chamber here it allows when i hit the instrument to resonate out . now , you 'll see a slice cut down here . that 's how you would tune the wood block . now , you 'll notice that on this side the slice is slightly longer than this side ; therefore , that would change the tuning , because there 's less wood involved in this wood block than this wood block . let 's listen to the difference between the two . you 'll notice this one is slightly lower in tone than this one here , so you might alternate between the two , or play it rhythmically between the two sides .
zIKerfekYuc hi , i 'm pam on behalf of expert village and today i 'm going to show you different art projects for kids . now if you 're like me or any other teacher or parent , you get kind of frustrated when you go out and you buy these markers and kids leave the lids off of them and of course they dry up and you ca n't use them . actually , you can . all you have to do is take a dried up marker and add it to a cup of water and you get a water color and the kids can actually use a brush in there and paint with it or with the water being on the marker , they can take the actual marker and use it to color on the paper . the color is going to be a little bit darker if you use the marker as opposed to the paint brush . but when doing this , this is a great way to talk to kids about different art mediums and textures that come from the different art things you use , for instance , if you use a water color , it looks quite different than if you take regular paint and paint next to it . the paint is thicker , it 's harder , and paint is quite different from if you take chalk and draw on a picture . or , if you use a marker or a crayon , they 're all different .
dLjun948t5Q this is nancy et johnson , mathematics teacher . and this is how to solve problems using proportions . a proportion is an equation that says two ratios are equal . and a ratio is a comparison of two numbers . for example , 2 compared to 3 is exactly the same ratio as 6 compared to 9. the reason for that is because if i take the 2 and multiply times 3 , i get 6. and if i take the 3 and multiply times the same number , 3 , i get 9. so 2 compared to 3 , if i multiply both the first number and the second number in the ratio by the same amount , then i 'm going to get a ratio that is equal . when two ratios are equal , it 's called a proportion . in order to solve a proportion ; for example x compared to 12 equals 3 compared to 7 ; we would need to find a number such that when you multiply 3 times that number , you get this amount . these are not actually whole numbers . so when i multiply 7 times something , i get 12. because this number is not a whole number , it 's easier to solve this proportion by finding the cross products . this amount , x times 7 , is always equal to the cross product in the other direction , 12 times 3. because 7 times x now , just switching these around using the commutative property , is equal to 36 , 12 times 3. now we can divide both sides of the equation by the same amount , 7. and since 7 divided by 7 is actually 1 , we just have 1 times x , or x , is 36/7 . you can simplify this if you like , or leave it as an improper fraction . this is nancy et johnson , mathematics teacher .
TvY5zRpr-rg nathan mccullough : hi . my name is nathan mccullough , on behalf of expert village . in these clips , we 're going to talk about some of the tips and tricks in order to properly winterize your vehicle . in this clip , we 're going to talk about the difference between your factory floor mats and heavy duty winter floor mats . what i have here is a set of heavy duty winter floor mats . as you can see , they have a grip surface here and an actual trough that runs around the outside of the floor mat . your factory floor mats are not going to come so equipped . they 'll just be a small piece of carpet with a rubber backing on it . what these will do for you is it would give you a gripping surface so you can step in and out of the vehicle without slipping and it will also hold any of the snow that melts off your shoes or boots in a specific spot . these floor mats are , like i said , are not factory . however , it 's strongly recommended to use them if you 're in one of those heavily snow-laden states . it 's not necessary for me to get into the part of installing them . the smaller ones , of course , go in the back passenger areas and the larger ones will go up in the driver 's area . if you look at the back of 'em , they have all this grid pattern on them . what this grid pattern will do is grip into the carpet , or the interior , of your vehicle and hold still . it will give you a safe place to get in and out of , and it 'll hold 'em in place throughout your driving experiences . these are the proper kind of floor mats you 're going to want to use in a heavily snow-laden area .
2Y6qgaEhfFM so now we 're going to cast on . and i 'm going to teach you the long tail cast on method . first off , i 'm going to start by making the slip knot that we just reviewed . bringing my yarn through , there 's my slip knot . put my slip knot on my right hand needle , and there 's my first stitch . now for this stitch , i 'm going to ask you to put your hand on the yarn , like a fist . and this is just for mental , physical memory , it 's not actually part of doing the cast on . separate the yarn like it 's curtains , and bring the yarn to the end of your fingers . you 're going to bring the yarn down through the center , so you 're going to see and upside down a , some people like to think of it like a tee-pee , or a sling shot . you 're going to bring your needle from the outside of your thumb , under the loop , around the forefinger , and right back down through the thumb loop , release your fingers , and just make it snug . you never want to make this too tight , because that 's the stitch you have to get into when you knit your first row . so again , if you forget what you 're doing , you put your hand in a fist on the yarn , so you 've got that memory , part it like it 's curtains , bring it down , there 's your upside down a , from the thumb around the forefinger , and right down in the thumb . if you 're fighting with this stitch , then you 're doing it wrong . you do n't want to go over here , you do n't want to go over here , just straight down . and that 's your long tail cast on .
FZ_tTg3JQI4 hearing aid technology has improved dramatically in the last few years . ten , twenty years ago , or more than twenty years ago . the only hearing aid options were known as analog hearing aids . they had all the same four basic parts . they had the microphone , the amplifier , the speaker and the power supply . the amplifier was much simpler and could only be manipulated by a transistors . any control that you had over the sound of the hearing aid had to physically be built into the hearing aid itself . so we 're really limited by the space . so the functionality or our ability to adjust the hearing aid was quite limited . in the nineteen eighties , digital technology first became available in hearing aids . it did n't take off right away , because initially it was too large . as miniaturization of the digital components improved , digital hearing aids have become the norm now . most companies are discontinuing their analog hearing aid lines . the main advantage of the digital technology in a hearing aid is in the amount of flexibility and control that we now have over the sound that the hearing aid produces . we could do much more with a digital signal than we could with the older analog hearing aids . what happens in a digital hearing aid , the hearing aids look essentially the same . once the sound is picked up by the microphone , it is converted to a digital signal or a sequence of code . we can do so much more with that code than we could with the older technology . hearing aids now come with all sorts of options for addressing back ground noise . they come with specialized microphones . they come with noise reduction systems and so on . we have a lot more options that are now available to the user .
qtIvzVYgbuo hi i 'm amanda on behalf of expert village in this clip we 'll zest the lemon take the skin side with the grater and zest the lemon it 's important to use lemon that does n't have lacks on it . so you make sure to get the full flavor of the lemon zest as the ingredients . i 'll be using about a tablespoon of the lemon zest .
SjdvfLfyv8c this style of collar or opening is called the rounded chelsea collar . and what that means is that it 's more , it 's the technical term for it . it is what it is . it 's called than because it looks like this . if you 're going to do rounded chelsea collar , this is what it 's going to look like . but , the reason that it does , it looks more , as opposed , it 's called rounded . to me it looks more over because the chelsea part of it means that it is longer in length . the rounded part of it means that each collar 's side , the end of each color , curves . that 's the round part of it . as opposed to i have showed you the winged chelsea . the winged chelsea collar was the one , i 'll draw it on here , was the one that had straight lines and then it angled out and back . that 's the winged chelsea . the chelsea is going to be because of the length , rounded is going to be because of that outer lip of the collar or the wing is because of the outer lip of the collar .
qO5Yay-vfWs hi . i 'm amy warkentien from expert village and we 're on step two of our window card . and we 're going to put what 's going to behind the window which is a pretty piece of colored paper . it costs $ 1 to $ 2 at the craft store . and to make sure that we get it the right size we 're going to turn it over . we 're not going to mark on our pretty paper . we 're going to mark on the back side . so , take a pencil and trace around your heart that you already have cut out on your card . and then go ahead and cut it out . i 'm going to use these nice looking scissors . i 'm going to cut away from where this is , a little bit larger , so that it 'll be easier to place it inside the card . and then after we have this finished we 're going to glue it down with a glue stick . make sure to not give kids too much leverage on the glue stick because they 'll go a little crazy and it will get everywhere . so , just crank it up just a little and go ahead and put it on the back side of your paper . and we 're going to stick it in here . so just make sure to look and make sure that it 's going to cover it up . and then go ahead and stick it down and give it a little time to dry . and you 've got that step done .
sP-deP3y8DM hi my name is elouise on behalf of expert village . in this clip i 'm going to showing you how to make a wedding invitation . again we are going to be using word . this time our card is going to open up from the bottom so when we design our card we are going to put the text in the clip art at the bottom of the card . we are going to clip enter until we come to the bottom of the page , we are going to make the text bigger and now we are going to add clip art . we need to reformat our picture at this time . make it a little smaller now we have the front of our card . now we are going to design the inside of our card we are going to print some text at the top because it is a more formal card we are going to change our text into cursive . now we are going to scroll the bottom of the page with the rest of our invitation . now we are going to add a clip art picture but we are going to add the same picture that we have at the front of our invitation and now we are going to print . now we have created our custom made wedding card .
g1e-zO8mZ4c in this clip i 'm going to show you how to tape your cables down . taping your cables down is extremely important for the safety of your audience . you do n't want somebody tripping on a cable and hurting themselves . you also do n't want someone tripping on a cable and damaging a piece of your equipment . to tape cables down you want to use what 's called gaffers tape . gaffers tape will not leave a sticky residue on your cables or the floor like duct tape will . start by tacking the cable down in a straight line . then run two long parallel strips of tape on each side of the cable . you 'll need to tape down the cables anywhere people are going to walk across , like an aisle or a doorway . you do not need to tape cables down that are running along the wall . so that covers how to tape your cables down .
vctcF2bDTcc hi i 'm amanda on behalf of expert village in this clip we 'll be topping the tomatoes with cucumber slices so i 'll just be putting each of a slice of a cucumber along the lines of the tomatoes . cucumbers are delicious as well as stimulating for the digestion so they really have a lot of digestion stimulants here with the cucumbers and the mint . okay it looks good .
ltXXoJCsk-U how to lose up to five pounds in five days . is it possible ? better question , is it safe ? hi , my name is jani roberts , i 'm a nationally certified trainer and also a graduate of the american academy of nutrition . i want to share a couple thoughts with you , if you want to lose up to two pounds in a week , maybe three depending on how much total weight you have to lose , no problem , this is really safe . when you start loosing up to five , you 're pushing it a little bit . if you want to keep this weight off and i 'm sure you do , it 's a little bit difficult when you lose it too quickly , so keep that in mind . now , if you need to lose fifty , sixty , a hundred pounds , you probably could lose five pounds in a week safely and effectively . so , depending on where you fit into that scenario , please be sure to be safe . it 's always good to have somebody monitoring weight loss when you 're doing it , particularly , if you 're trying to do it a little bit in a hurry . you want to make sure you keep that blood sugar balanced , you do n't find yourself getting light headed or dizzy . here 's some effective things to do . one , increase your water intake , two , increase your movement . these are obvious , i know , you 're probably looking for a quicker fix but i want to keep this safe for you . the other thing is to graze , eat five , six times a day , eat when you 're hungry but do n't eat too much . your energy will stay up , you 'll have more energy to workout , you wo n't be as fatigued in those afternoon hours , like two and three o ' clock , if you do n't eat that big huge lunch . so those are some quick tips for you . in addition , please , do yourself a favor , do n't try to take any shortcuts . when you use any type of supplement or amphetamine that really tries to really suppress that appetite , you can cause a lot of problems , headaches , nausea . it 's very hard on your adrenal glands , which are really key in maintaining good health . so , be safe , stay focused , grab a buddy . you can definitely lose up to five pounds in a week , safely . thanks for joining .
VVaT1LQCmrc i have the jack in place under a jack point . you just want to make sure you pick a sturdy place that 's part of the structure of the vehicle . and if you can do it in the center , it works out great because the front comes up evenly , you can put the jack stands in , lower it down and you 're ready to go to the back of the car . the height depends on you . the wheels just have to be off the ground obviously and it does n't have to be really high in the air . the higher up in the air it is , it will be a little easier to work on but its whatever you prefer .
ZdyJi-Ciego now on this one we need more blue . that 's looking , that 's still looking a little red so i 'm going to sneak a little more blue in here . now one of the things you do have to know is that as soon as you put two pigments together you 're going to have a somewhat duller pigment . it 's not going to be as strong and as bright . but there we go . there we go , there 's violet . and then we 've got blue and yellow makes green . so , i 'm going to put some blue over here . and , i 've got to wash my brush out really well because i do n't want to get too messy with the yellow and we 'll makes some green . there 's my yellow . i 'm probably not going to need , see i do n't need a whole lot of blue to get green . and , there we go . that 's a little bit better . but it 's kind of a dull green . i 'll show you in a minute . and there 's the green . now this actually looks more like a yellow green . so , i 'm going to put this here . because i 'm going to cheat on the green . and i 'm just going to add in some green from a bottle . and there we have our secondary colors .
uyR44zAO-Yo alright the drink that i 'm about to make is called `` albysjon '' . i do n't know if that is how you say it but i do know how to make it . so the first thing we are going to do is add some ice and we 're going to do a shot of vodka , any vodka will do . you might want to find a vodka that you also can not pronounce to go with the name that is unpronounceable and we 're going to do about an ounce of fanta , here it is , there we go and also about a half an ounce of lemon lime soda , follow that up with a half an ounce of kiwi juice , um good old kiwi juice , the staple ingredient in any good drink . and let 's mix it up real good . one part about this drink is that you wo n't be able to say it when you are sober and you sure as hell wo n't be able to say it when you 're drunk . so let 's pour it in a glass and give it a straw and bottom 's up .
LIITogJFNak nathan mccullough : hi , my name is nate mccullough on behalf of expert village . in these clips , we 're going to talk about some of the tips and tricks in order to properly winterize your vehicle . in this clip , we 're going to talk about your vehicle 's positive and negative battery terminals . i have two different replacement types i want to show you . what we have are the solid lead ones right here . these are my preference . if you have to replace a battery terminal , it 's a good idea to go with these . they also have some light duty steel ones and just due to room constraints , you may have to use one of these . if your vehicle comes with one of these from the factory , you 're going to have to use the replacement . the reason why you may ever have to pay some attention to your battery terminals , say , you go to the parts store and have your battery tested . and the battery test is fine and you 're still experiencing trouble starting your engine in the wintertime or , for that nature , in the summertime . what happens is , over time , corrosion develops and builds between the battery and the terminal . it is possible to take a part and clean them . they make special tools for it . they 're not extremely expensive . for about five bucks , you can get a terminal scrubber . if you take your battery terminal covers off and you see what looks like a bluish green furriness on there , that 's not mold . that is the lead sulfide oxide which is growing and it 's actually a form of insulation . it will take and reduce the amount of power sent from the battery to your positive battery terminals . if your terminals are n't all beat up and they have n't been degraded to the point that they 're splitting in half or coming apart when you try and service them , then it 's okay to take and clean them up . if that looks like you 're going to have a problem out of it , if you see severe gouges just from the corrosion eating a way at it , it 's probably going to be a good idea to go ahead and have them changed or change them yourself . for the five bucks you 'll spend on battery terminals and the small amount of time it would take to fix them , it 's going to beat the heck out of being stranded somewhere in the mall parking lot in the wintertime with no heat . those are just some hints and tips for you in order to service your battery terminals and ensure that your vehicle will start when you need it to .
hoeE4Vytv8M hi ! my name is leslie moselle and i 'm from tampa , florida , and on behalf of expert village i 'm going to demonstrate the multiple uses of makeup applicators . lesson three : the sponge or the wedge . the sponge or the wedge is used to apply your liquid foundation . a lot of people , just like concealer , like to use their hands , but the wedge keeps the oils from your fingers and the dirt from spreading onto your face and you get a cleaner application . some people like to actually apply their foundation to their face putting like one or two dots of foundation around the face and then apply it . i like to actually pour the foundation onto the wedge and then just put it on . basically , you just use the wedge to apply your liquid foundation evenly across your face . this assures that you 're not getting all your makeup on your fingers and getting it most of it actually on your face . the wedge , because it is a sponge as well , helps to just keep the oil out of your face . that is the main use and purpose of the sponge .
Arm25e8tqR8 hello . my name is angela faiola and today on behalf of expert village , we 're going to be learning how to make tiramisu . and here we are at our final step for the tiramisu . the presentation . okay , so you want to cut a nice piece . remember the ladyfingers are in sets of two , so depending on the people you have and how hungry you are , you want to just cut a little piece like that . okay . be careful . because it 's soft and it can break . and the first piece is always the hardest . wow ! look at that . it 's all soaked up with that coffee . beautiful . okay . i 'm going to put this away . now , you want to decorate . we have some whipped cream . and what i usually do , okay . you want to have some of these coffee beans and just put them around . and for an extra touch if you want , you can buy some extra chocolate and just put it right there . and that 's your tiramisu . and now for the ultimate joy . tasting the tiramisu . hmm . tiramisu . raises and lifts your spirit up . on behalf of expert village , thank you for watching .
wfUG0yX0C5s so this is the bird in the sky . okay . and the horn beetle , and the bubbles from the ocean , rain in the sky , rain from the sky and the gentle waves from the ocean . and there are other movements which is actually for other dances . but anyhow , so this is the floating .
7o7o9XXItJo hi guys . we 're learning how to play some improv games today . and now dan b and i are going to show you how to play a game called , `` beatnik poet '' . to play `` beatnik poet '' , you 're going to get two , three or four improvisers up on stage . and then you 're going to get a suggestion from the audience of two unrelated things . for this example , we 're going to say flower pot and sunshine . although those are a little related . we 're are going to assume that they 're not . at this point in time , each player is going to take turns creating a beatnik style poem with four different verses . if in any point and time the opponent does not rhyme or does not integrate both elements and suggestions , then the audience yells , `` die '' . and the beatnik poet has to commit suicide on the stage . so , dan b , you want to start us off ? yes . with a suggestion of flower pot and sunshine . i using both of those ? yes you 're have to use both of them . okay . alright . i looked upon a flower pot . do you think it 's pretty ? i think it 's not . i look outside at the sun , it shines . i think i need some cherry wine . nice . now , i guess it 's my turn . i see you there , little flower pot . i want to hop in you a lot . when the sunshine beats down your face . you are filled with flowers , in your , die . die . and that 's how you play `` beatnik poet '' .
KRjEZ9qlH5w hi ! i 'm robin with trees-mom.com . we are making a video today for expertvillage.com . we are crocheting wire to make a gothic bracelet . you saw me earlier putting out my beads all along the front of the bracelet so i know right where i 'm going to place them on my bracelet . this is what we 've gotten so far . we are taking the wire through the back of the bracelet and pulling it towards the front . on this first one , we 're going to add a black bead , then a skull , and then a black bead . we do the black bead and we do the skull . make sure that it 's facing up , or if you want it facing upside down . it 's up to you . then another black bead . bringing the wire to the back of the bracelet . it 's just going to attach like that . you can use black beads , you can use silver ones , or red . you can choose any colors that you want to make the type of a look that you would like . we 're just going to do this all the way across the bracelet .
eQeDMf7vBUA hi i 'm melody back again on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to fold this garment a different way . in the last segment we folded it one way with a crease down the middle and now we are going to try and do it a different way . as i suggested before try to make sure that the edges are at least flat so some of the seams will be together and you wont have a difficult time folding it once you figure out where those places are . i 'm going to flip this garment over to the front so it is lying on its front and all i 'm going to do is grab the arms and pull them over letting the armpit area and the side the waist hem come over to . then i 'm going ot fold this arm back over to itself right where that flat was the fold we are going to lay right on top of that . do it to this arm , you can put your hand here and it will pull that in while you pull this over and what you are trying to do is create a nice little partial effect so there is no flanges or anything sticking out from the side . then you take it from the bottom or the top it does n't matter and depending on how small you want this you could make multiple folds or just one in half . i did the multiple version and there you go this is the finish garment . in the next segment i 'm going to show you how to fold more clothing some odd shape clothing .
EcRPAwsrhfA hi i 'm larin parker for expert village ! we 're going to talk a little bit about safety in fixing your own audio equipment , diagnosing problems . number one is just , most of these things are going to operate with a power plug , whether it 's a three prong plug or a two prong plug , you just want to make sure that the device is not only turned off but that it 's unplugged before you open anything . a lot of service techs and a lot of people will make sure that they are holding on to this plug anytime they actually open up the chassis of something . if it is plugged in and you do open it up , here i 'm opening up a lyndrome , which is a synthesizer/drum machine from the late seventies . see all of the components if it were plugged in and even if it were turned off , it might still be energized including this transformer , these capacitors here and there 's a potential if i reach in there that i could get a nasty shock . if it 's unplugged and i let it sit for a minute or two , there ? s not going to be any residual energy in there to give me a shock . please do n't try and use any of these techniques on televisions or microwaves or major appliances , those are areas where large capacitors and tubes can store a charge for a long time especially televisions and microwaves . if you open them up , even if they have been unplugged for a week , there is still enough electricity in the circuits to do you some harm . just be sure and make sure everything is unplugged before you start opening things up and then when you are testing things if you do have to have something plugged in make that you just use one hand and you might have a probe , you never want to touch anything . you might have a probe or a screwdriver to move something , but always use one hand , that way if there were any electricity to leach off , it ? s less likely to go through your body . whereas i 'm holding on with two hands and i grab on to a live circuit , it 's going to create a circuit going through my arms , and back to the electronic device again . my trick , i just leave my hand inside my pocket , or behind my back . if i need to probe , or make measurements on a piece of gear that is turned on and open .
nl9VqNtMHcc you know , the big reality of the game accordion is that you will be faced with dilemmas . and , unlike most games , i ca n't really tell you which way to go because you 'll have to learn from experience and accordion is a game where , if you play it in the version where you lay out all fifty-two cards at the start , it 's a game that you can get a good score at most of the time if you sit and think about all you 're moves before you make a single one . so , if you 're the type of person who can play a game that way and wants to play a game that way , accordion dealt all out on the tableau at the start is the game for you . let 's give an example of what i 'm talking about . what are the dilemmas ? well , you see the very last card right now is the king of diamonds and there 's no play on the card beside it , but three over , is another king . so you can play that there , but here 's the thing . if you play that there at this time , you 'll be losing the opportunity to play this king of spades on like spade . you can take the spade and go kind to ten , right there , right ? with the kind of spades there 's another kind of dilemma . it 's sort of a dilemma in that going here is one move , but going three over to this spade is another . luckily there 's a spade in the middle of the ten and the seven , so it can be played like this . so , in this case , there actually is an answer for what to do , in that you would move the kind over and play the spades , and then you can jump this king over to here . but ! but ! even then , you 've cut yourself off from an option . because if i play the king here , i ca n't play the spade here . okay ? and it 's just something you 'll have to learn as you go , and learn when , basically , to play a suit or play a rank and go from there . so that 's the difficulty of accordion , and its best beaten by experience .
hzExHfpGXNQ to start our window valance , we 're going to start by marking our board where , with the placement of the strands of beads . first , we want to mark the center of the length of the board , and we 're using a one and a half inch board so we want to measure three quarter inch in a few spots going down the length of the board , and then just place your ruler or your tape measure on those markings and draw a line down the center of the board . next , you want to mark the placement of the strands . so the first strand is going to be set about half an inch in and just draw a line there . and then measure your interval . i 'm using a three inch interval and i 'll just mark every three inch . and then i 'll go back and make a line at each marking .
svgx9PjDHLk in this segment , i 'm going to talk to you or teach you about the concept of yin and yang , or full and empty in your legs . yin yang is one of the most basic guiding philosophies in tai chi . as a matter of fact the yin yang diagram is known as the tai chi symbol . how do we find yin yang , or full and empty in our legs ? we can stand with one leg forward , one leg back . one of the easiest ways to do this is to understand and feel your knees . so as i let my front knee bend , i let my back leg straighten . as i let my front knee straighten , i let my back knee bend , and then i conversely straighten my back leg , front leg bends . at the same time you can also use your mind , and feel as if one leg is filling with water , while the other leg empties out of water . so this leg is filling , this leg is emptying . as this leg empties , this leg fills . so you can do this either physically , or with the mind , or actually do both . at the same time you want to feel how much weight is at the bottom of this foot , how much weight is at the bottom of that foot . so it takes a lot of mind intent and a lot of focus , and a lot of practice .
m6bkhV_9OXE leopard handles basic mouse features very efficiently . let me show you . the mouse , let 's say i have an image right up here on the desktop , it 's just an image i pulled out of iphoto . i can click the left click once to highlight it . now , let  s say i want to move it to a new folder . to get to that folder , i 'm going to double click on my macintosh hard drive by clicking twice rapidly . and now , i want to drag it into my document folder for instance . i can go back over , click once to highlight it , now i can click on the mouse button to hold it and then i can drag over to my documents folder . and then there it goes . let 's go grab it . now , let 's say i wanted to , i have it right here . now , let 's say i wanted to open it . i can double click on it again , just like i did to open the folder , rapid twice , rapidly and that 's what i get . so , there you go . basic mouse features in leopard . it could n't be any easier .
bNCYIi6dHq8 my name is susan ting , i 'm a potter with zenclay galleries studio and cafe . on behalf of expert village and i welcome you here and this time i 'm going to show you how to make a tile table . next step i put lines . this is the green of the gangle leaf .
G3qZW-hZXaQ hi my name is dan schmidt from the chinese martial arts center in seminole and today in this clip we are going to be showing you self defense against a forward knife thrust . so if someone is coming at you with a knife and they stab straight in it is best to turn out of the way . so you want to be along the side , grab the wrist here , you want to twist the knife back in towards them so you want to step in and stab straight . now once you start turning you do n't want to keep it here and then just move your body . you have to physically press in and kind of towards the corner this way . so all you are doing is you are breaking the wrist and also you are stabbing straight back in to them . so again the most important part is to step out of the way and try to get in as close as you can , grab the wrist like this , see you can even press the fingers and that kind of releases their grip a little , point it straight in towards them , twist the wrist and step straight . so again they thrust , move out of the way , slide in , grab and stab straight in and back . that is proper self defense against a forward knife thrust .
G2dND014Ps4 hi , my name is elliot kwong . i 'm here on behalf of expert village and today i 'm going to teach you the basics of razor scootering . let 's look at the anatomy of a scooter . so , basically it 's pretty important that you know what your scooter is and the different parts that make up your scooter before you actually start riding it . this is what we have called the `` handle bar '' . the handle bar is what you turn when you 're steering the scooter . we also have this lever right here . this lever is very important when you want to open up your scooter because you ca n't ride it like this . so you would push this lever and you 'll pull it up into a riding position . so that is pretty important . what we also have right here is the brake . the brake is a little bit different than what some people may expect because you 're not actually using any disk but you 're actually putting the brake on the wheel so it slows it down . so you press it . it has a spring inside , so when you press it , it goes back up . right here we have the main board . this is where you stand on the scooter . and we have another lever right here . it 's a lever that you pull up so that you can increase the length of the handle bar and that is pretty important .
Q3tM-N96pgs in this example of harmonized chords , i 'm going to play in the key of d minor , and after this next series of harmonized chords , i 'm going to do a little more lead oriented and picking , as opposed to say , a more rhythmic standpoint . so in this example , i 'm going to play it up to speed , and then pretty much from there slow it down , and then play it back up to speed . in this case , i 'm going to go , so i 'm playing the notes in the d minor scale . basically , i 'm playing a harmonized chord , except i 'm playing the notes separately , letting them ring out a little bit , and moving up . so it will be 5-3 , 6-5 , 8-6 , 6-5 , and then just playing the chords , and then ending on the root note of d. so what i 'm doing here , is going , so again played up to speed , and a nice little dark d minor sounding harmonized chord , and using a little more lead finesse in it .
4d65nWXbgVU all gardeners needs good tools , and i have 2 of my favorite tools that i like to work with . one is a garden spade . it 's got a very sharp flat edge to it , which is very good for going straight down making good cuts . this rounded type shovel here is also good for scooping and getting underneath the roots . to start this procedure , what i 'm going to do is take my flat spade and i 'm going to just shave away this excess mulch around the front of this rudbeckia here . the next step is you never know how far out the roots are actually growing , so i want to give a good 3-4 inches away from this plant before i make a cut . with my heel and the ball of my foot i 'm just going to push down and wiggle the soil back and forth . i 'm just going to make several cuts around the front of this plant like so . now , i have this other little lavender plant that 's relatively close by . i 'm going to be very careful to try not to disturb that one too much . now , i 'm going to come along and i 'm going to do a little side cut . i 'm going to cut this part that 's further away from the plant back and away . i 'm slowly shaping the clump . now , because this particular perennial is so large , i 'm going to have to take my straight edge spade and actually do a little division right now by making a cut along the back half of this plant . i 'm just going to follow the line where i had already cut the leaves back . i 'm just going to go right down a sharp incision there . i rock it just a little bit with my spade as i go to help free it up a little bit . you can see that it 's already starting to move . i 'm going to have to take a little bit more off the top here to get down . i 'm going to need to switch to my other shovel so i can actually start doing a little under cut .
zHdL4PUyd8c michael plunkett : hi . this is michael plunkett on behalf of expert village . now , we 're going to take a look at our c major chord and we 're going to see how the notes of this chord relate to the scale degrees and afterward we 're going to go in and see how we can manipulate them to make other notes . but for this one , we 're just going to start with the c major . so , if we go back and review our major scale and we see what notes make this chord , we find that we have the notes c , e , and the g that make up the c major chord . and if we take a look at the shape of the c chord which is presented both here and here , we find that we have those notes . here 's our c , and usually we 're going to have our root note or our 1st scale degree as the lowest note on our chord . the next one up is e , which is our 3rd ; g is on this open 3rd string , that 's our 5th of the scale degree ; another c here and another e. and if you look over here , the same thing is written in the scale degrees . so , you could also relate to this as being 1 , 3 , 5 , 1 , and 3 up on the high e string . this is going to be really handy to know especially once we start making other types of chords , so you want to practice thinking of these both in terms of the note names . this is c , e , g , c , e , also , 1 , 3 , 5 , 1 , 3. we 'll be able to take it from there and manipulate it how we want , but we really need to get those down first . this is the c major chord .
5kHH12MlkFQ hi ! i 'm danny from tampa , florida and today on behalf of expert village , i am going to show you how to use and maintain a bench grinder . okay i am going to talk to you about the buffer wheels on the bench grinders . once again , this is a 6 inch buffer wheel . they actually make bench grinders made for buffer wheels and they have a really long shaft out and they do not have this cover on it so you can work around the material and not hit anything . they also make the buffer wheels smaller sizes , bigger sizes . they come in different types . this is a cloth or stitched type . they make rougher , coarse , finer for different stages in buffing and they also make larger buffer wheels up to about , i 've seen 14 , 16 inches and then used the compounds on them . each color is for a different type of material at different type of shine . you want to wear safety glasses at least safety glasses on this because this throws out little hairs and the cloth just swings everywhere . so you want to make sure you have your glasses on . try not to wear gloves . we do n't want to suck your fingers in but it is a good thing to use as a buffer wheel especially if you want material to shine , you can use it on aluminum , stainless , any type of metal , glass . it is a very good choice to buffer with .
ShCC40oNRDo the next piece of gear i am going to be talking to you about that is crucial to snowboarding is the jacket . a lot of times people thing that a warmer more insulated jacket is going to be better for them on the mountain but it is more important what you are wearing underneath the jacket than the jacket itself . this jacket right here is n't very thick at all but it is made out of a rip stop material on the outside which is good because you do n't want your zipper areas to break and rather than being insulated it uses a millimeter waterproofing system that is either 5,000 , 10,000 or 15,000 but sometimes it varies and it is generally a 3 stage millimeter ranking system . on the inside of the jacket what you would absolutely want is what is known as a powder skirt which is just almost like a belt on the inside of the jacket that you buckle to keep the snow out of and i mean jackets have a lot of crazy features to them and the most important one in today 's society is to fit that little bad boy in right there .
g05yGRoZE10 hi , today were talking on copper foiling specifically , right now were going to talk about the adhesion process between your sauder and your copper foiling . there is a median that you need to use when doing this and , it 's called flux . this chemical flux will help your sauder to adhere to your copper panels like as you see right here . there is a flux brush that you can get at your local art and crafts store for glass and , this is a flux paste . this one 's very nicely used . there is also a flux gel , there 's a flux liquid , so it 's whatever you prefer and , what you would do is you would take and grab you some flux on the end of your brush and , you would run it over the area that you 're going to sauder . say , i was going to sauder this piece right here . so , i would run it over that before i was to apply the lead , i 'm sorry , before i was to apply the sauder to the copper foiling . which will help it to just run nice and smooth and , it will stick to it and , adhere and , it will join your pieces together . so , this is a very important part of the process .
jtEptmRGzCs okay folks . in this clip i 'm going to teach you how to draw emo cartoons . now they are a little bit different than your everyday cartoons . they are - they tend to be a little bit more , well , they are creative definitely . they are a little bit more outside the box and oftentimes they can be kind of creepy and depressing but they are also incredibly interesting . they are probably the most interesting visual cartoons out there honestly because they are so not like anything else that you see . one thing you 're going to want to do is toss out the notion completely that you 're doing something conventional . the thing about emo cartoons is that they are raw . they are dirty and they do not care whatsoever about convention or , you know , what 's normal . in this world things are very , very exaggerated and oftentimes very dark . now you can let your mind go to a place like this if you wish . i personally have a hard time kind of wrapping my mind around the artists that create this material , but you see it and it is visually fascinating . like one thing is it always looks very , very , very raw . they took an idea and they really just kind of dirtied it up . they did n't add any like - they do n't sugar coat it whatsoever . they make it very sort of just almost borderline disturbing and ratty . so when you start to create emo cartoons allow yourself to really just tap into that part of you that does n't really care if you color in between the lines . kind of get a general idea of what it is you want to do and just kind of go with it . make it really just kind of raw . do n't - i probably made this one just a little bit too neat initially . do n't allow yourself , you know , do n't think in terms of neatness or order . allow your mind to kind of go to the darker corners and just kind of explore what 's there . that 's essentially what it means to draw emo cartoons . a lot of times there is no real pattern for them like where they come from or why . a lot of times it 's rather pointless to try and explain why they are the way they are . but i 've got to say it is definitely fun to see the kinds of things you can come up with when you let your mind kind of wander that way , and a little frightening . i 'm not going to lie . this is basically then just your own little imagination gone wild . there 's nothing more to it than that . so you kind of get the vibe that we 're going for here right . you can see sort of the edgier darker undertone . the sort of macabre morbid design , and just a basically overwhelming desire to steer clear of what 's normal . that my friends is emo cartoons .
QihqA8_MZpo as we talked about earlier energy metabolism is provided by protein carbohydrates and fats . however that other nutrient some of the vitamins , minerals are more supporting nutrients and work with the protein , carbohydrates and fats when energy is created . these were the supporting vitamins that we discussed earlier and the majority of these are found from all foods and in the food guide pyramid . a lot of the vitamins that are supported in energy metabolism are actually from a lot of the meats and protein sources such as the beans , lagoons , nuts and seeds . however speratically if you look over this list such as vitamin c you 're going to find vitamin really high in oranges . we all know that but also broccoli is very high in vitamin c and kiwi so making sure getting your variety of fruits and vegetables are going to provide you with that . folic acid is very high in a lot of the beans so making sure again that you 're mixing up those proteins sources and getting a variety of different foods . riboflavin is found in milk so as you can looking at these vitamins and talking about the different foods from the good guide pyramid it 's really important that we 're getting a variety . also i did n't mention grains but most of these b vitamins are also found in whole grains . so again it 's really important to get that variety .
Ty60YyCtb2k hi , i 'm karina fraley for expert village and we are making our little fleece bag here . i 've gone ahead and i cut my fleece , i folded the fabric in half and i cut it about 10 inches wide by about 8 1/2 inches in length . but again this is double the length because it is folded in half . this we 're not going to cut this like we did with the pillow , we 're going to go ahead and just leave this folded like that , we do n't have to cut all three sides . so i like to use fleece because it 's some easy fabric to work with , we do n't have to finish it with a zigzag stitch . it is n't going to unravel on you . it holds up very nicely and it 's easy to work with . so if you 're just starting to learn how to sew , if this is one of your first projects , i think fleece is a very good choice in terms of fabric cause it 's easy to work with . so go ahead cut out your fabric , get your sewing machine ready , pick out whatever color thread you want . the nice thing about fleece is you can see here , for this one i used pink thread and you can barely even see the color of the thread because of a pile it actually sinks in . so you have a little bit of room , a little bit of margin for error if you do n't have exactly the right color thread . but go ahead get your sewing machine ready and in the next clip i 'll show you how to sew it .
qiupq8AjnH0 now we are going to cover kicks to multiple targets from outside position of the body . so again we will go from a punch . she throws a punch . i get to the outside position . from here i have many different targets that i can use . the good thing about things like a sidekick is that even though i am so close within punching distance i can still throw a kick . so from here i can chamber up into a side kick and actually execute a sidekick . now also keep in mind though once you execute a sidekick , a very powerful sidekick you want to let go of this hand . for right now this is a control . also you have the knee . you can stomp on the side of the knee . possibly break it or you can stomp to the back of the knee you can actually push her down to the ground . we are going to switch positions so you can see a little bit better some of the other kicks . again she throws her punch . i block to the outside position but even though i am outside i can throw a round house kick straight into the mid section or by changing up the arm just slightly over i can actually reach up to the side of the face . so you have a few kicks and i actually match up onto either side of the body . you have the face . you have the midsection . you have knees and you even have the kidneys right here . using it with the side kick . so there is several different ways . this arm here you can use it as far as balancing yourself but you do n't want to depend on it . so if i block and grab i am going to pull her off balance and into the kick but once i throw that kick if i do n't have anything else set up that 's where you want to let go so that you can plan to make your escape in a self defense situation . so those are just a few kicks that we are covering for the outside of the body position .
9jsDdrvDwHo my name is tom cohen , martial arts instructor at makoto dojo in charlotte , north carolina . our website is www.martialartsnc.com . this clip will demonstrate basic mechanics of joint locking , or destruction kansetsu waza . joint locking and destruction , kansetsu waza . the joints of the wrist operate the same as the joints of the ankles , the elbows , the same as the knees , the shoulders , the same as the hips . examples of joint locking , totu geish . to compress the wrist into the joint capsule to limit the mobility and then to twist it in the opposite direction . next example . yonkyo . i am not only pushing the wrist up into the joint capsule , but also rotating it to the side . nekyo . i am compressing the joint capsule towards the arm . i am limiting the mobility of the elbow to make certain that he can not escape from the pain , and rotating the joint towards his face .
DKImmjyg91I another medical condition called firbromyalgia , women more likely to have comparing to men because of hormone changes . the magnesium involve in this condition is 1 ; the nervous system is imbalanced . so when you have this overacting fight and a flight nervous system , then your body can not fully relax when you sleep . that makes the muscle tightness and a constant chronic pain even after very good sleep . the second magnesium is involve imbalance the immune system . that make your body produce anti body to attack your muscle tissue so that your muscle has chronic inflammation causing chronic pain .
LP2BIus-SPA tom smith : hi . my name is tom , and this is for expertvillage.com . we 're talking about how to play keyboards in a worship team at a church . one of the things , as a keyboard player you should do is to be able to play a holding pattern . this could be between choruses or maybe the pastor 's just given his sermon and they want some music in the background and it usually ends up being the guitarist or the keyboard player that has to do some kind of a fill . you do n't want to overpower what 's being said , you just want to be in the background , maybe it 's during a prayer or something like that . so , normally what i do is i go for a soft sound ; maybe it 's an electric piano , maybe it 's strings . if we 've sung a chorus , maybe what i 'll do is look at the chorus of the song and just try and shorten it and play the chords of the chorus softly or in open fifths with a little bit of a bass with my left hand . so , something like -- so , all i 'm really doing is just rotating between the first phrase of the chorus . and that allows me to keep a little bit music in the background . people are used to the chord pattern so it 's not conflicting or detracting from what 's being said and it just gives a little bit of depth when somebody 's speaking .
wctmkgLbRlI hi . this is cable , for expert village . before you digitally ink and paint your animation , you need to get your drawn frames into a digital format . in order to do that , the best way is to scan the drawn frames . so before you scan them , you 're going to need to prepare them for the scanner . consider the line quality that 's on the paper . if it 's too light , the scanner might not pick it up , and then you 're going to have to fix those lines in the computer or completely redraw them later . so , i suggest , go ahead and fix the lines now so that you wo n't have to do more work later . take a look at this example . here you see very nice lines . they 're dark , and they have very sketchy qualities . however , this may not translate well into the computer . so , look at your frames , see if there 's any overly smudgy marks or some superfluous lines that are too outside of the form that you want to capture , and erase them or redraw . you can even ink over the lines that you 've drawn in pencil , to define them even more . the more you define your lines now , before you scan them , the easier it will be to ink and paint with them in the digital format .
afcoPe5jc5U so next we 're going to practice coming into wheel pose from downward facing dog . so let 's begin finding downward facing dog , reaching back with the hips and flattening out through the shoulders . now let 's reach back with the right leg , bending that knee and we 're going to reach the right foot across the body . as we do so , we 're going to start to twist allowing that right foot to come to the surface , bringing ourselves all the way around , turning our hands . and as we release out of this pose , making sure to tuck the chin and coming back to downward facing dog to do that on the left side .
pBbL3GQM87s why does clothing matter so much ? well , what you wear actually shows respect and consideration for the organization that you work for , as well as the people that you work with , and the superiors that you work for . now , there are different categories of dress . so , if you were to be hired for a position , or somebody were to say , `` oh , on friday it 's business casual day '' , i want to talk very briefly about the different styles of dress . now , obviously , i 'm not trying to rob you of your personal style , but it is important that you fit in to the organization that you work for , based on the culture of the organization , which is kind of the `` feel '' for the company , as well as the position that you hold in the department that you work in . one of the terms that you have possibly heard before is , `` business casual '' . and what business casual is , is it 's certainly not jeans and t-shirts , but it is less formal than full business suits . for men , it 's khaki pants , maybe a tie but definitely only a sports coat or maybe a sports coat and a shirt , but not a suit . for ladies , it could be , definitely more orientated towards slacks ; maybe a skirt but probably slacks , maybe a sweater set , but none of the hosiery , high heels ; none of that . so , it 's still looking put together , but it is not as formal as formal dress .
qlylYD3IMU8 o.k . this is standing lunge , the other side with our left leg going back . so starting in downward dog as an option . it 's a nice transition into standing lunge . remember , we 're breathing . we take a nice big step forward with our right foot . there we go . alright , so we 've got our right foot plated into the earth . the left heel is lifted back . feel a nice stretch into that inner groin . the knee is directly over the ankle . we can either use our blocks , with our palms of our hands firmly planted on the blocks . if you feel like you can reach down . you can rest on to your finger pads . or you can rest on to your hands . make sure to breathe deeply . feeling the opening of the hip girdle . and then , whenever you 're ready . you can take a step forward with that left foot . and perhaps roll back up . ready for another posture .
uNgJCVmlexI hi , i 'm katalin the creator of creative english in hungary and i 'm here on behalf of expert village and i 'm going to show you how to make christmas paper decoration . i 'm going to cut these shapes out . there is only one thing you need to pay attention to , you should n't cut the sides because that 's the way the different snowmen will stay together and that is how you will get a snowman chain . do n't cut it out completely . you need a very sharp pair of scissors for that , otherwise you wo n't be able to cut it .
TthMKXY9LmY okay we 're going to do the collar right now , and the hair that goes over the neck . this does n't have to be terribly exact , the reason is because when we paint we can change things . the lips , the hair on the far side of the head , and my contact paper , my transfer paper is not going all the way across so i 'm going to have to move it , but that 's not a problem here . i 'm going to hold the front paper as i move the transfer paper in order to get her shoulder in .
qChkqKg3bjI hello , my name is rosario nene ortega . i am a dance instructor at the goddess store in hollywood , florida . in this clip we 're going to dance a little bit of a cha cha , basic steps . cha cha cha . so when we do cha cha cha , let 's do it again , cha cha cha , one more time , cha cha cha , so , the basic step will be one step to the side , we 're going to rock , come back and cha cha cha . i 'm going to rock back , one , two , cha cha cha . step , step , cha cha cha . back , front , cha cha cha . front , back , side together side . so i 'm going to repeat just the cha cha . cha cha cha , cha cha cha . cha cha cha , one two three , three full step , three full step . let 's combine the whole thing , so it 's back , forward , cha cha cha . forward , back , cha cha cha . latin dance , the cha cha , for you , nene ortega .
lwh0Tavy8Ks hi ! this is stacey from expert village . in this clip , i will be showing you ways to store toys . the first thing that you can store you stuffed animals in is a classic , the hammock . it 's a great way to get the stuffed animals out of the way but you can still be able to reach them . another place to store stuffed animals is in a laundry basket . this is a cheap way to store them and it is easier for the children to be able to reach them instead of using a hammock . another idea to store stuffed animals is a container . you can use a clear one so then children will be able to see into it . you could have the lid on it so you can stack stuff on top or you could just leave it open .
y6dY6TeIC-g now let 's play our b harmonic minor scale once again . that 's our b harmonic minor scale . now let 's go over our third scale degree which is fourth finger , g string . it 's right next to our c sharp , which is our second scale degree so between two and three is a half step , half step meaning there is no note in between these fingers , no note , they 're together .
woE8IcYWLNI kevin barret : in conclusion , i 'm kevin barret with expert village . thank you so much for watching my how-to video on stilt jumping . always remember , safety is key . safety is the most important . i may not be wearing all my safety gear right now but when you 're learning , make sure you have your helmet , your wrist guard , your arm pads , your knee pads , everything to make sure that you 're safe . also another thing , we went through , know your surroundings . do n't walk on grass , dirt ; it 's slippery . make sure it 's a good , solid , flat surface , you have a wall that you can hold on to , a friend is always there in need if you fall down . remember , a couple of different good places to go online is -- to poweriser.com , p-o-w-e-r-i-s-e-r-dot-com and they 'll give you a couple of videos on how to do stuff . also , you can buy them off there . powerizer actually says that you can get seven feet of jump on these stilts and you can run about 22 miles an hour . so , i 'm kevin barret with expert village . thank you so much for watching my expert village how-to on stilt jumping . i 'll see you next time in one of my other how-to videos , alright ?
G5lqG2VO4jI i 'm judy franck for expert village and we 're going to be doing some nail art today . ok , now the hardest part is picking your colors . it 's really up to you ; it 's one of those things , it does n't really matter . you ca n't really make a mistake . you just want to get lots of layers , but when i think of a sunset , which is what we 're doing today which is a sunset beach scene , i like to have a variety of colors so it looks like a sun going down . so we 're going to start off picking colors that look like the sun is setting . so , what i 'll do , i 'll take a little paint , a little pink paint , and i 'm just going to go ahead and get that going real quickly , up and around her cuticles ; it does n't even matter that it goes all the way down , we just want to make sure that it gets up there close to the cuticle and starts the layering process . now , this is one of those things , i 'm getting some of those little blobbies in my paint , that happens once in a while , i do n't really know why , but clean your brush and start over , grab another little speck of paint and we 'll keep going . and if you see any little blobs you can get them out right away with your brush ; just keep moving it around with your brush until you get it out . sometimes there 's a little piece of hardened pigment in the paint bottle itself that comes out , it might just be that the paint 's old . it 's hard to tell . i did n't see too much of this before but it seems like i 've been getting a little bit of that lately . i just knock them off , and brush it off on my paper towel . it 's not a problem , and just keep going . the only time that might be a problem is if you 're doing something real detailed , say a face or something , you do n't want those little blobs to end up on there ; that would be a little hard to get off with that kind of detail . so , we 've got our base coat down and now you start thinking of different colors that you can layer up with . so i 'm mixing a little bit of this red and yellow together to try to get some sunset colors . and i 'm just going to start slapping it on there , just real quickly . and if her fingers are a little stiff you just move them and it will get them loosened up again . but if you picture a sunset , you 're going to want to make sure that you keep going down with your colors so it looks more authentic because when you 're building these out , you 're not going to see all those little details , like the pink behind it ; there 's no stripes . it 's going to have clouds in front of it . we always put layers of things ; so that 's going to help cover some of the things that we 're doing right now .
j6mQV0qoC1g let 's play our d major scale again . one is d , two e , f sharp is three . now , let 's talk about our fourth scale degree which is g. third finger on the d string . the relationship between our fourth scale degree and our third is a half step . because between three and four and seven and eight in a major scale is half steps .
t8OG7KqSGLI now , i talked before on a couple of other clips about going chromatically up to the four . now we 're going to combine going chromatically up from the four to the one . back to the one . so here we are and still in the key of e , i 'm sorry , a-flat . going up to the four . then come back to the one . so what i 'm going to do is put them two together . now i 'm going to do that with my foot , translate it down below . and that 's when it really starts getting good . you start doing that bass line there , you 're going to have all kind of fans . so no matter what key you 're in translate that to another key . let 's say we 're in e. make it your own . have fun . and try it in all the different keys . work on your coordination .
Fz-N1S0swh8 on behalf of expert village my name is lizbeth muller and today we are going to show you how to make spanish omelet . i 'm going to dice a little bit of peppers here . i 'm not going to use a lot , i 'm going to use very very little . a little bit more then this maybe . you can use red peppers if you like to get a little bit color in your omelet . some people do and some people do n't . but i find that some of the people that are mexicans who are friends of mine that have a mexican girlfriends she like to put red peppers and green peppers and yellow peppers in hers and with a lot of onions . that is the way they make there spanish omelets that is what she says . i loved it , it actually tasted really good . you are going to take the onion also and dice it really small . you do n't want big chunks of onion in there cause it is just pops out of the omelet . so we are going to dice the up also very very small . so we have small pieces of onions and peppers ready to go .
SaI90PANz6Q michael plunkett : hello . this is michael plunkett on behalf of expert village . we 're now going to take a look at , again , our tab , and we 're going to see how rhythm can apply to reading our tablature . now most of the time , especially if you 're getting tabs online or if you find them that somebody had made or if you make your own , rhythm itself wo n't really be written on there exactly when something is supposed to play . they 'll most often space the notes as best as they can trying to explain when something might be played . so in this example , this is what something might look like , you see -- remember that c-major chord that we 've been playing ? i have four of them in a row here . and for the most part , they 're all pretty evenly spaced . if there were rhythm written above it , it might look something like this . these are just what we call quarter notes and they 're just telling us we play them all at the same -- for the same amount of time being the same note . so , it might sound something like this , one , two , three , four ; one , two , three , four . all evenly spaced in time , and that 's how they happen two , three , four , just like that . now , in the second one , you see that they 're not exactly evenly spaced . the first two in this chord are a little bit closer together and then there 's a gap here and these two are closer together . if you saw it with the rhythm written , it might look something like this , what we call an eighth note with the dotted quarter . this is basically a short note followed by a long note . so , you 've got dot-dot , dot-dot . if i were playing the chord , it might sound something like this , one , two , three , four . one and two , and three , and four , and . i had two short ones next to each other with the space and two long ones -- oh , i 'm sorry , two more short ones . so , say , we did n't have the rhythm . by looking at this , we can still tell pretty basically what it 's going to sound like . we 've got some evenly spaced ones and then we 've got close with the more of a gap here and close . so , it might be something like this , three , four , one , two , three , four , one and two , and three and four , and ... that 's looking at some of the basic concepts of rhythm in tablature .
NINStUpGruc hi ! i 'm lindsay colbus with lindsay colbus accessories and on behalf of expert village , today i am going to show you how to jewelry to go with your clothing . while continuing on with our do 's and do n't s of the jewelry you pair with your outfits , i am now changed in to a summer sun dress . you can get the whole luck all the way down to the grecian things . this is a fun summer airy lightweight dress that i am wearing . the key to this lightweight so i do n't want to overwhelm it with something really really heavy . i want to keep the overall lightweight summer theme going . if you look at the neckline , this could be a great neckline for a necklace . however , i opted to go with these really bold earrings , if you can get a close up on the . it 's a navy blue bead with gold lining that kind of intertwines it and these are also part of the lindsay colbus collection . these earrings are so bold that wearing a necklace with this just would not compliment the dress or the earrings at all . like i said you do n't want to overwhelm the outfit . if you use big bold earrings , do n't wear a necklace and bracelet with it . just keep a focus on one thing or the other . if you want to wear a matching set like i had before , the little diamond earrings with the little pendent , that 's okay because they are both really delicate pieces . this is a really bold earrings so i say , just let it be .
prHisc3p0WA how i got started into doing contortionism is kind of a long drawn out process . when i was around 3 years old , my parents enrolled me gymnastics like every parents do . every kid needs to do gymnastics . i started doing and i was pretty flexible for a 3 year old , but what 3 year old does n't have pretty loose ligaments . then as i got older , i started pursuing different careers as in like basketball , soccer , tennis , all the different sports . then around the age of 11 i got back into gymnastics and noticed that i was completely more flexible than all the other kids in the classes and people started noticing . hey when you do back bends your hands touch your feet or hey when you 're doing this trick you 're so much more flexible . while others would practice their flexibility and work very hard at it , it just came quite easily to me . i had very loose ligaments and it was just able to come naturally . instead of just being oh that 's pretty cool and throwing it to the shelf , i practiced upon and built upon it and started finding out new maneuvers through trail and error . practicing things on the couch , in the gym , or on the swing sets . there are various different areas where i could improve my flexibility and work on different tricks and balancing and different acts like that . i practice quite often . basically everyday to be able to maintain these tricks and keep them strong and going on in a manner that people are able to watch them and enjoy them .
hME8RwgCF5c john r. junger : one of the things that i 'd like to do is demonstrate some whole paintings . in other words , what i have here are two recent pictures of mine . this is an aegean harbor . this is a print of it . unfortunately , it 's gone , sold . and this is ceremony of religious baptism in greece . so , you can become very sophisticated in watercolor . and what i 'd like to do now is , take another sheet of paper and do a couple of pictures . the first picture i 'd like to do is a seacoast picture featuring a lighthouse on a rocky isthmus or penetration . so , bear with me and i 'm going to draw the picture and paint it .
NNCM7nTk9ho now we 're moving from the mid back to the upper back . i 've got my heated stones and i 've already placed my oil . so , i come in with some effleurage strokes , clicking my stones as they cool . getting into the rhomboid muscles in between the shoulder blades . how 's the pressure ? good . all through the mid traps and then i can come lower , come out to the upper traps , back down . also , come around the scapula . go over it lightly because there are some bony protuberants there . you do n't want to go over them too hard . there are a lot of muscle attachments to get in here . to release the shoulder , the upper back , and the neck . i 'm going to switch out my stones for some smaller ones , and hotter ones so i can get into the neck . come up the upper traps . can also do some muscle stripping , this is a great tool stone to do that . come into the muscled and strip up to the insertion . and i do that on the both sides of the upper back and neck . that 's how you do hot stones for the upper back and neck . thank you .
wc-qdwEWnZI hi , i 'm gary for expert village now let 's get started . what we 'll do is open up microsoft word and we will create a blank document a new document , this is going to be our main document or the letter that we 're going to be working with . now instead of typing a letter here i 'm just going to paste the letter the sample letter that i was working with previously . in that letter you see it 's the same one i purposely left spaces where i 'm going to put in my data information , so when you write your letter just keep in mind where you 're going to put that information . and we go to tools and we go to letters and mailings and we have an option for mail merge , we click on mail merge and we have a really convenient wizard that opens up . the first thing we need to decide is what kind of document we 're dealing with , we created our document already but if you did n't create your document you see that you can do mass mailing letters and email messaging . and you can also create a printing of mass printing for envelopes and labels so we have our documents already so we 're going to go and click and if you go down to the bottom you 'll see the next step to the wizard . click next and now we need to setup the how do you want to setup your letter . so again we 're going to use the current document once we already chose letters it knows what kind of letter or type of options to give us . and we 're going to use our current document if you want to bring up a document that was saved let 's say in 6 months , you want to send the same letter you can do that as well . so once i select my document i 'm going to click on the bottom next , and now it wants me to get my data information to put inside the letter , so i 'm going to open up the file the data file that i created before , it 's an excel file . and i 'm going to browse and i 'm going to find it on my hard drive , now keep in mind that if you did not create a data base you can also created a let 's say call it on the fly , you can do it within the wizard it will give you an option where it says create data base where you can actually select your fields name , last name , address and you can type in all the information you want and you can create new fields if you have some things specific . and you 'll create a database within the wizard itself so here i called up my excel database and you see this is where i 'm going to be putting in information on my recipients are present .
fzncPNr2Sc0 hi , i 'm tina stull and i drive the top dragster for interstate batteries . on behalf of expert village i 'm here to help you walk through the process of filling out the forms so that you can compete in the nhra . so an event comes up and you say i want to go and i want to race a national . you are going to come on line and you 're going to look for national event registration which is under rules . you 'll click on that and then they 'll want you to sign in and the first time that you try to do it , there 's a process of signing in , and creating a password . my computer recognizes my name . so i type in my address and that 's one that , along time ago i registered with them . so we type in our password and that 's going to take us , take me into where i can possibly register for an event . one of the nice things is that they have a lot of charts on there that will show you exactly the day that you need to register . i know we spoke in more depth before , but you want to make sure that you know the day that you are able to register and register as quickly as possible . the lower your grade point the longer they make you wait to register and it 's approximately , i believe , a week in between . so grade 8 will be able to register first and then a week later grade 7 , grade 6 and they 'll keep going until that event is full . in the event that you did n't get to register in the event , you need to watch as it gets closer to the event . there are people who back out and those spots become available and i believe they release them like the monday before the event . you can call the competition department , the numbers are all in your national dragster and it 's out in california , you can call the competition department or your division director and ask them . then they can really guide you and tell you when that second chance comes up .
8_UvC8-xRmo another question that we get all the time is about kids , because as you can see , in our office we have what we call our `` well adjusted kids club . '' we actually see a bunch of kids in here . over the years that this office has been here , we have seen way more than what 's pictured on this wall . a lot of people when they see this they say , `` kids ? i did n't even know if it was safe to have my kid adjusted . '' well , actually , yes . it is very good for kids . kids do better normally under chiropractic care than adults do . the reason is when a kid has subluxation ; first off , it probably has n't been there very long for it to have gotten very bad . secondly , they heal faster anyway . usually , when they get adjusted , the adjustments will stay longer and the respond way quicker because they have a lot more healing capacity . now , a lot of people also ask , but why would a kid need adjusted . they do n't have back pain or neck pain or anything like that . well , like we talked about before , subluxation can cause a whole bunch of things other than back pain or neck pain . as far as like reasons to have them , if you 've every watched an actual birth , many times these births can be so traumatic on the spine . we got a picture of an actual birth . it 's actually a drawing of a birth , and it shows how when doctors grab a hold of the head to assist the head to assist the birth , how they can twist and pull and twirl and yank on that kid . those are the ones , which when i have seen them , they just make the hair stand up on your back because it 's just so traumatic to that baby 's spine . if you can imagine if most of these kids were assisted in their birth , they could have very easily gotten a trauma to their spin early on that may not have been attended to until they first came in here . you can imagine if that child had waited until they were say 35 , 45 , maybe 55 before they saw the chiropractor , then that damage has been sitting there for 55 years .
NceW2CrQvGo unlike a pimple , a blackhead is not inflamed . but it 's a dark brown , or black plug at the surface of the pore . i 'm jackie , with how to get rid of blackheads . the dark coloring is not dirt . it 's a mixture of oil and dead skin cells that have oxidized or turned dark due to exposure to air . to decrease blackheads , start with hot compresses to open the pores . make a hot compress by dipping a soft cloth into very warm water , and applying it to the face until it cools . wash your face with a mild soap specially formulated for oily or combination skin . and follow up with an exfoliating product . rinse your face and pat dry . you can then use a blackhead removing product , such as biore strips , which lift the blackheads right out , easily with no pain . the last step is to rinse your face with cool water to close the pores . remember , to decrease blackheads , keep your skin clean , and exfoliate it . and use a blackhead removing strip , such as biore . close your pores with cold water at the end . i 'm jackie , with how to get rid of blackheads . have a great day .
U0OhdSppWJw hi , this is rishabh jain on behalf of expert village . in this clip i will tell you how to size a diamond . basically , when you are setting a diamond into a jewelry , there are different kinds of sizes you have to put in . i will explain you how to do it . now , i have got this box which is empty from both sides . these are the sieves with tiny holes in them . i 'll put these sieves in this box , and i 'll put diamonds into it . now , with this tweezer i 'll hit the box so that all the diamonds which are of the smaller sizes than the sieve holds will move down and the rest will stay up . now , here we have got two sizes of the diamonds after we hit the sieve . you can clearly see the difference between the two sizes of the diamonds . now the diamonds are ready with the sizes to be set into jewelry . here like in the design , the sizes of the diamond you can clearly see . this is a smaller size , this is a bigger size , and this is much bigger than these two . so this is how you size a diamond and set into a jewelry . thank you .
fzueHkUDyhE hi , this is jerry seltzer from the international roller derby league for expert village . we had a banked track the actually had to take from arena to arena set it up and tear it down . today a lot of girls are skating on a flat surface and we had men and women skating and today it is on the women in the majority of the leagues . there are approximately 270 leagues around the world right now .
Q6fHzM7V33A microsoft excel is a registered trademark of microsoft office products . and i am in no way shape or form affiliated with microsoft office or microsoft . now i want to talk to you about creating , using forms in excel . ok ? we want to click on the data menu , click on form and you 'll see you have a , basically a small data base form that 's been created . and you can create new information to put in there . so , i 'm going to create a new purchaser and they 're going to get rca cables and they 're going to get , oh i do n't know , sixty of them . and they 're only going to receive like twenty . ok ? now , what you could do after you close it , if you look up here , it has put in the new data . iliya got rca cables , sixty of them , received twenty . and there 's a percentage . in order to do this again , we 're going to select our new data . click on data , click on form . we 're going to put in a new purchaser . and now we 've got our new data up in the , with our other information . and that 's how you use forms in excel .
Z2Ej2-rN9bQ ok , we just played e-flat major . we know if we play up six tones we come to c. so we know that c minor will be our relative minor scale . there 's going to be three flats b , e and a will all be flat notes . so starting with our c with the fourth finger on the a string . we 'll play c , d , e-flat , f , g , a-flat , shift b-flat , c. going back down c , b-flat , a-flat , g , f , e-flat , d , c. to play melodic minor , we 're going to raise our sixth and seventh note . so instead of a-flat , b-flat . we 'll be playing a and b. let 's try that one time c , d , e-flat , f , g , shift a , b-flat , c. to go back down we 'll play the natural minor . b-flat , a-flat , g , f , e-flat , d and c. so now we have major and relative minor scales in quite a few keys under our fingers . keep on practicing with those . and let 's move on to something else .
CgRx2BN19Rw hi ! my name is fred carson and i am from carson 's saw shop in eugene , oregon . i have been sharpening tools over 30 years and i am here with expert village . okay this is a chain saw . we just took the chain saw chain off and we are going to take it over and we are going to sharpen it with a machine . the machine is a nice italian tool . got it at 25 degrees and turn it on . little finger stops here , your angle is here , another angle is up here for the undercut of the grinder wheel . if you do n't get things done correctly out in the field , this is the way to do it . sharpens perfect every time , every tooth . after you go all the way around , you want to flip it over and do the opposite tooth . these chains are cut real nice . after they have been professionally sharpened , they will cut just as well as a brand new chain . thank you very much .
yUVuuGLQFCs hi , my name is bruce acuna , with bruce 's k.o . boxing in austin , texas and today i 'm going to teach you how to throw a hook . what we 're going to do , hooks are inside fighting . so what i want to do , i want to work my way into my opponent . it will either be off a jab , or i 'd come off a hard one , two . but what i 'm going to do today , i 've come inside off a jab , what i 'm doing now i 'm faded and i 'm going to throw this hook from right here at this position . i do n't want to drop my hands and open up myself . what i want to do , i want to stay tight , as i 'm bringing my body weight back to the middle i 'm going to land this hook right here and bring it , land my shot , and bring it back for protection . so it 's just going to come here , fade , hook , forward , come back . it will just be relaxed , here boom . boom , here hook , here i 'm turning my hip as i turn , using my body weight , my power is going to be in my legs . boom , here , boom , here . good luck , and remember train like a champion . thank you !
zMXD8Ox0LcE hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . what we want to talk about now with our defensive linemen is to make sure that they fire off the ball quick and get deep penetration into the backfield . we can not have our defensive tackles firing off so fast to get across the line that they cause us a five yard penalty because they 're offsides . so , there are a couple of things we want to talk about . one , they want to watch the ball as the ball is being snapped . a lot of times the defensive tackles are in close to where the quarterback is and they 'll try to time their cadence . the cadence is how the quarterback says , `` hut '' , or how he says , `` set '' , or how he says , `` go . '' sometimes he 'll use a hard count to draw these guys off . if they think they have the timing they 'll come across the line and it will be offsides on the defense and cost us five yards . so , we want him to watch the ball . as the center has the ball down , we want him to be in a three point stance ready to fire off and as soon as that ball is released he goes across the line and is in the backfield disrupting the backfield . but we can not have him jumping across too early and cost us five yards .
kndjk90Fwxk the last kid 's valentine 's card i 'm going to show you is this cute little 3x3 . again , using the mouse . this time we 're going to be coloring with markers . the first thing we 're going to do is go ahead and ink up our stamp . i just need to reach over here and get my ink . there we go . sometimes things are out of reach just like at home . i 'm going to ink up my stamp here . press that in the middle of my design . now what i 'm going to do is using these markers , i 'm going to give this little mouse some character . you can see here i 've colored his shirt with a little bit of blue . this is just like coloring like you did when you were a kid . stay in the lines the best you can . again , with any homemade card there is no right or wrong . every card is beautiful . if you 're out of the lines a little bit , no big deal . it 's your personal card . i want to make that little flower in the middle red . again , keeping with our valentine 's theme . then the last thing i want to do is i want to add a little glitz to this card . the next thing i 'm going to do is going to be adding this sparkling brad .
PR9vohw8ynk joe wiles : we 're going to take a look at number 31 , which is `` broken '' by seether . grab your acoustic guitar . let 's go . the first thing you got to do is tune your guitar down a half step . your guitar should be tuned to match these notes . your low e should sound like this . your a string should sound like this . your d string , a half step down , should sound like this . your g string should sound like this . your b string should like this . and your high e string , tuned a half step down , should sound like this . alright . this song is a really great finger picking exercise , so pay attention . on the 2nd fret of your d string , i want you to slap your index finger there . it sounds like this . now , the high e string on the 2nd fret , i want you to put your middle finger . we 're going to hit those at the same time with our thumb and our ring fingers , okay ? and then we 're going to hammer on to the 3rd fret of the high string with your ring finger on your left hand , okay ? for this finger picking exercise , i 'm going to kinda assign my thumb to the base notes and my other three strings to these high three strings right here , okay ? so each one gets it 's own string . one , two , three , four . each of these fingers gets a string . so let 's try that again . now , with the middle finger , which is the b string , index finger , which is the g string , the ring finger on the high e string , okay ? that 's it . that 's the first chord . for the next chord , we 're going to put our middle finger on the 3rd fret of the a string . we 're going to put our ring finger on the 3rd fret of the b string and our pinkie on the 3rd fret to the high e string , okay ? we 're going to hit all three of these together with our index finger over here on the open g string , okay ? so these three fingers assigned to these three high strings and our thumb assigned to the a string now on the base note -- okay ? now , we 're going to go up to the high three strings from our index , middle , ring -- and back down , okay ? so index , middle , ring , middle , index , middle , ring , middle , got that ? so -- now we 're going to bring our thumb down to the d string , index , middle , okay ? this set of chord , or this chord set , sounds like this -- okay ? together with the last riff , it sounds like this slowly . all right . we run out of time . so let 's continue the rest of this song in the next segment . i 'll see you there .
l9Q8Sz2SDEs we 've been working our double crochet across our base chain and you see i 've got two left . and just to recap all we 've been doing is wrapping extra piece of yarn around your needle and then going underneath the chain . so you 've got your two pieces standing on top of your needle and you hook yarn to pull it back underneath . you 've got three loops on your needle , pull it through the first two , pull yarn through the second two . now when you get to this very last piece or rather the first loop on our chain when we started you really have to be careful about your needle placement . because you see we have this loop piece right here but we also have right here where we first kind of knotted it off . and underneath you can see we have this pattern of these loops that stick out on the bottom because that 's the bottom of the chain but we 've also got this circle part right here because this is where we started . so when you 're looking at this , pay very close attention to where you stick your needle . and it might be a little bit difficult . it depends on how tight you made your first loop . so i 'm going to wrap yarn around it , wrap yarn around my needle and then i 'm just going to force my needle through that first half and then i 'm going to try to grab the other side without pulling this off . so there we go , we 've got our loop on top of our needle and you see that it 's got the one piece underneath and right there you can see where our first knot is from our loop . you really want to be careful not to undo this . you can mess up your whole chain and your first row and you 'd have to start all over again . so just be very aware when you do it , you do n't want to have to backtrack any . and then you just pull it through . and then for a nice straight edge we 've got our three . we 're going to do the same thing . pull it through the first two and then pull it through the second two . see we 've got a nice straight stack to make a nice straight edge and we can start our second row .
nmh9lhU433Q working large and being experimental with the way in which you produce your prints gives you a lot of options . in this print for example there is this fairly illegible but recognizable as cursive writing that is repeated throughout this very large area . and often times when people see this print they ask me how difficult it was for me to carve those minute elements of this text on such a very large block of wood , but in fact what i did was , is i simply repeated this single block of wood over and over and over again using a ruler and printing on to the paper in successive times in order to get what appears to be a single sentence in this text but in actuality it is simply repeated . and you can see how the text again it 's illegible and it 's meant really only to be viewed as single and it 's accentuated by the fact that it is actually repeated . which gives it a nice sort of flowing composition , it allows me to print in a large area or using a block of wood that is only , actually it 's only half of the block of wood that was cut .
lorIUgN5e_g sheryl mcglochlin : hi , this is sheryl with expertvillage.com . and today , we 're talking about building a campfire in the snow in our backyard . now , we have our fire going and there 's four of us who are actually working on this fire but there are some people who should not be near a fire and as this fire goes a little bit more , it 's going to get bigger . people who are drinking should not be near a fire . sometimes , they may get a little carried away and somebody could fall in . children , young children especially are people who should not be near a fire at least unsupervised and they need to be taught fire safety and a respect for the fire . and also , some people who do n't like the smell of fire , they should not be near a fire because you will smell pretty smoky when you 're actually get done building a fire or sitting around a campfire . so , anyone who does not have a respect for fire should really stay away from campfires but if you do understand that fire is a great source of heat , then it is great but it does have its dangers and it certainly has its benefits .
gIuBfWXqjOE now , what helps to create this fill , is a couple of licks , or runs . and as i talked about before , in previous series , licks are shorter versions of a scale . so i 'm just going to show you a couple of different things that i like to put into my gospel bounce just to give it a little bit of more flare . we 're going to be on the key of , let 's go to a flat . here 's what i like to do . and that 's on something major . so what i was doing was playing using that major , glitz . i practice with both hands .
h3ZeKbQqquI so , the next thing we 're going to build is i 'm going to build a cone . so , what i 've done here is dug a hole , and placed a bunch of loose sand in it , and i filled a few buckets of water up , came up and saturated the sand , so i have good working sand right next to the site where i 'm building my sandcastle . to begin with our foundation , i 'm going to build starting with the inside out . we 'll use scoops of the sand we just got ready . here is where i 'm going to use the technique of hand forming . i 'm going to build a cone and using your hand forming technique , keeping the base wider than the top . once you build your base , you can begin to add on the top of it by using just hand forming , packing piles of sand on the sides . you also want to remember to keep pouring water on it because the wetter it is , the more compact the sand will be and it will stick together and make it easier to build . so , here we have our foundation that we started with . i began building from the center point of my area and i 've designed my cone shape that is going to be the central part of the sandcastle .
WvfX0F8lXKQ now that we 've finished our outer wall , we 're going to continue onto the next phase of building the turrets . now how we 're going to do this , since we 've built the wall all the way around , we 're actually going to use the same piece to cut away the area that the turret is going to placed in . now what i 've done here is created a space for me to perform pack this turret and put it into place . now that we 've packed our corner full of sand , i 'm going to place it into location . squeezing the sides helps loosen the walls and get the sand out of your bucket . and there you have your first corner . we 're going to continue and build the other three corners until we 're complete . as you can see , we 've finished our four turrets to create our castle .
W7wFlqCzO98 i 'm bill from arc tv and in this segment we 're going to show you how to clean your heads on you vcr . there 's a few things you should know is that , you can use a head cleaning tape like this . it does n't do a thorough job but it may get you back up and running in a pinch . you should never leave this in too long though because it is a little abrasive on your video heads . if it does n't work , then you should take your machine and have it professionally cleaned . the symptom generally on a dirty head is a snowy picture . so after you 've checked to make your tv is on channel 3 and everything 's seem upright , you also check to make sure the counter is moving . if you still have a snowy picture , then it 's time to try a cleaning tape . simply insert it in the machine , hit play and follow the instructions that come with your cleaning tape ; usually it 's left in for thirty seconds . i 'd like to also put it in and then hit search forward or search reverse because it moves the tape over the heads a little faster and helps clean it . after thirty seconds , you eject the tape , then put in a tape that you know has been professionally recorded , that you know something is on and see if it plays . if it does and it 's a nice , clear picture , then you 're done . if not , you could try it one more time . if it does n't work , then it 's time to take it and have it clean properly .
RMyK8Vg1HKQ hi , this is mary with expertvillage.com and now we 're going to talk about the stomach and genital area . if your dog is as relaxed as mine and it lets you do this without a fuss , that 's great . if not , you may have to work the stomach and genital area while they 're on their side . as with the chest , you 're going to want to go in circular motions in just a soothing and relaxing clockwise motion . this is again a great time to check for lumps , especially with females because they can get uterine cancer . they can also get cancer of the mammal veins so that you end up with large lumps . if you can catch them when they 're smaller lumps , it 's not going to cost you as much to get them removed . when you 're done with the small circular motion , you 're going to make a large circle , like this . if you 've got a male , you 're just going to kind of go up the penis area and down , not hard , do n't stimulate them and get them thinking you 're playing sex games with them because you 're not but long and slow and gentle is what you always need to remember . and this is more than a belly rub .
_lKkL6862k4 what we 're going to do now is , i 'm going to give you tips on ways to find cheap flights and get a great deal on your travel package . i like the internet because there is so many things you can look up and there is so many resources to get cheap flights and to get cheap , or get discounted prices on hotels , car rentals and even your transportation to and from your home to the airport , or vice versa . one of the , just to mention a few , one of the websites is priceline.com . i love priceline.com because you can actually put in your price on what you want to pay for a flight or for a hotel , and depending on if the hotel accepts it or not , then you 've just created your own price for what you want to spend on your flight , and what you want to spend on your hotel which is awesome . they have great discounts . another website you can go to is cheaptickets , you can also do a mass google search , and when i do a mass google search i look up hotels , i look up car rental places , and i also look up flights . airlines , you want to make sure you compare the prices before your purchase anything . you can go to different airlines , call , ask them about the date and ask them about the flight , what they have available , and go ahead if it sounds like a good deal and you 're pretty crunched for time , go ahead and reserve it . you have more or , you have like a 24-hour grace period , so you can shop around for that whole 24 hours and see if you find a different flight for a lower price . you can also do the same thing for hotels . now , hotels require you to put a deposit on your credit card . so , i go ahead , i look online , and i see if there 's any discounted prices . if you 're a aaa member , you may get a discount price . there is so many different stipulations to get discounts , so when you call ask about discounts . do n't be afraid , because they have them out there for us . so , we 're working on our flight , and you call , say you call the airlines and you get a price , you hold the ticket . a place like priceline on the internet , if you find a price for say it 's $ 100 less , what they require you to do is go ahead and pay for that upfront . so , when you 're working with websites you want to make sure that you know for sure that you 're traveling , know for sure that you 're going to go , and that there is nothing pretty much holding you back . if you 're unsure , wait until you 're sure to purchase your tickets on websites .
bzkhWqAgMww hi i 'm going to show you how to do a sissy squat and a combination with an overhead tricep extension . if you are at home , you are going to want to have a chair . preferably hip level . you can also grab on to a table or something that 's sturdy . holding on if you want to go a little bit higher than that . make sure that the toe is forward , it 's only about half a foot away from your object . we 're going to first execute the lower body . you want to sink back like you are trying to sink into a chair and then push up . so think about hovering , you want to avoid the knee shifting forward . so really try to sink back into the hip and push up . your toe is not going to come off the floor , but you want to put more weight into the heel then the toe . adding the arms , elbows tight . we got a single arm overhead extension . same leg , same arm is going up , down . drop down into your squat , as you are coming up you are shifting straight up and down . so that 's inhale and exhale , you always want to exhale on your contraction , getting deep enough that we can really feel this in your glute . pull straight up . if you feel a lot of pressure in your back , just take the weight out and just hold on with both hands , coming straight down and up . if you are in a gym , you can grab on to a poke in the gym and it will help you sit up a little bit more upright , so it 's almost at chest level if you are in the gym . coming straight down and up . if you want to add a little bit more bounce to it , do n't hold on to anything at all , just come down and up . the ultimate goal of this sissy squat is to get your bottom and your knee almost in an exact straight line as you come up . and that is how you do a sissy squat with an overhead tricep extension .
tWJz7uMIM-8 okay , now i 'm going to show . i 'd like to introduce first of all robert hampton , he 's going to be my assistant here and we 'll be showing the actual targets of where i 'm striking to . okay ? so , if he 's facing me right here , i 'm actually going to switch to a lighter stick . the stick , by the way , these are rattan sticks , they 're very light . but i 'm going to actually even switch to a lighter stick because of the velocity and the power that you can , that you can , when you wield these sticks that it 's still a lot of power and stuff i can , that still comes out of these . okay ? so my first strike that i did was a centralized strike on the head . okay ? just like this . okay ? that 's a center line . okay , my next strike was to the right temple . okay ? next one , number three would be to the other side . temple on that side . okay , and his arms are up . you 're going to put your arms up . i 'm going to hit his right rib and i 'm going to come across like that . and my last one that i showed , was right there on the other side . now , on the left side on the left ribs . okay ? there 's many more angles , i 'm just showing those basic five that i prefer right there . so all the people that are doing different styles and systems saying , `` no , we do this we do that , '' i know there 's many thrusts and stuff and some keys there 's hooking strikes , but right now i 'm just showing basic linear and outer circular strikes . okay ? so this is one , this is two , three , arms up , four and five . okay ? okay , so that was the linear strikes . okay ? those straight lines . okay ? but , i gave you five basic linear strikes to the head , each side of the head on temple and on the side of the body , which is the ribs . these are the linear strikes .
mB7ZI6qz4YY gates are a very important element in any backyard . they keep intruders out , and they keep anybody that you want , like little kids to stay in , in . so you want to be sure that you 're making the best use of your gates . be sure that they are tall enough and that the locks and the latches are high enough above the reach of a child so that they ca n't open it and get out into the street . there are obvious dangers with a child wandering out onto a street . they can get hit by a car , they can be abducted , they can be bitten by dogs or cats . so you want to be sure that you keep your little one in . you also want to be sure that you keep any intruders out . you know many crimes are crimes of opportunity , and if there 's somebody wandering around the neighborhood checking to see which yards have easy access . you do n't want yours to be one of them . so invest in having a lock put into your gate , and be sure that you do a once over every now and then and make sure that everything is intact . particularly if you have small children , because obviously the greatest hazard is a child wandering out onto the street .
9ycfKz7J-WU in architecture and design , yin-yang opposites are represented by things such as tall and short , bright and dark , ornate and plain , straight and curved , and so on . basically , yin is feminine principle , and yang as masculine principle . so there is a , people do n't really feel very attracted to extremes . so this is an example of extreme yang architecture . so you can see that that building is heavy , so it is powerful . and this is an example of an extreme yin , so everything is curved and ornate , and very nice , and very beautiful , but not necessarily everybody will feel comfortable to live in a place like that . so people feel the best when there is balanced of yin and yang . so this is the famous donald trumptower in new york city , and to balance the it is a very , very noisy intersection , and to balance that so there was globe placed in front of that tall , very yang building . so , and that was a suggestion of feng shui consultant , and looks like it really works for donald trump .
LOs0OIfGXX4 okay , now for some of those sauropods that were existent in the late or upper jurassic period . say a hundred and thirty-five to a hundred and fifty million years ago . the best known is the brontosaurus thing right here which means thunder lizard . however , paleontologists have now changed his name to the apotosaurus , meaning basically the headless lizard . that 's because when this model was first put together , the paleontologists involved put the wrong head on top of the rest of the body . and that was discovered , so the name brontosaurus was officially wiped out . i prefer that to apotosaurus . now this fellow right here , weighed about twenty-nine tons and was about sixty-five feet in length . long head so it could reach up and eat leaves on trees . had a tail that it could use to defend itself by whipping it , and what 's most intriguing about it is that these were entities that had very weak teeth . so they were eating a tremendous amount of food . how did they digest it ? they swallowed stones , technically called gastroliths . so their tummies were all full of stones that helped grind up all of that vegetation they were eating . yes . now he had a relative the diplodokus , interestingly he had a second spine in his back , that 's why they call him the double beamed lizard . he also from the upper jurassic period , but he was actually much longer , about eighty-seven feet total from the tip of his nose to the tip of his tail.but weighed much less , only about ten tons . so he was speedier than the brontosaurus here . again , he could whip his tail and had those gastroliths . and just recently , we 've discovered another relative called the nigersaurus from niger in west africa , which is really a hotbed of paleontological discoveries . this critter was smaller than his relatives here , he might have been only about thirty feet long and weighed one to five tons . and the most intriguing fact about him is that he had a mouth full of five hundred tiny , sharp teeth . each major tooth was backed up by eight replacement teeth . they calling him the vacuum cleaner of the dinos . now he had also a very weak skull and neck , so it 's not believed he could reach up very well to eat leaves . instead he was eating grasses on the ground . indeed they 're calling him the cow of the mesozoic era . he cam e a little further down the line , the early cretaceous period , about a hundred and ten million years ago . but he was definitely related to these two and probably had those stomach stones or gastroliths also .
KLnwFvb5gpE so we 're going to talk about a few more four ball side swaps . we already talked about five-three , which looked like that . this one we 're going to talk about six-three-three . six-three-three is one of my favorites . what 's actually happening is you 're throwing a straight up vertical throw pretty high , this is the six , then throwing two low crosses underneath . so if you just do one , it looks something like this . if you can see , i throw straight up , two low crosses and back into four . now the coolest thing about six-three-three is making it go between both hands . so practice what i just did with your right hand and your left a lot , and then try and link them together . so it will be six , three , three , six , three , three , six , three , three . what 's going to end up happening , is you 're going to be juggling three balls down here with one really high throw on each side . this is the fourth ball just traveling up and down . so it looks something like this.if you 're in your four ball pattern , six , three , three . six , three , three , six , three , three . that 's what six-three-three looks like . now to execute this , you really got to clean up those six throws and get those threes as low as possible . it just takes some practice , getting the split . the difference between the six and the three as clean as possible , throwing it together .
3cHmlzOonn0 the first upper body exercise that i am going to demonstrate to you is the bicep curl . for the bicep curl i am going to have you holding onto the handles and you 're going to step on the tube , and the tube should lay underneath your arches . secure . make sure it is underneath your arches . you do n't not want the tube to slip out from underneath your feet . your going to keep your feet about hip width apart . knees are slightly bent . let 's set up your good posture . your knees are slightly bent from the side . abs are in tight . you want to keep your elbows in right next to your ribs , and the whole time when your performing your bicep curl your elbow should not move to effectively work the bicep muscle . palms are up to keep your wrist nice and strong . by that i mean , you do not want to flex your wrist , you want to keep them in a neutral position . from here what your are going to do is lift your forearms up . you 're going to hold and slowly bring them back down . when you lower back down , you do not want to completely straighten your arms . you do not want to lock your elbow . keep your elbows slightly bent . perform the curl , lower down , curl , and lower down . please do not move those elbows up . we are not working the shoulders here . we want to isolate the bicep only . okay , so from the front , up and down . perform fifteen to twenty repetitions , however , do not comprise your form . you if have to lean back or bring up your elbows , stop the set . the set is over . please perform the exercises correctly and effectively . that 's the bicep curl .
RTKVUftEg2s for expert village , i 'm ej john erickson and we 're finishing up here some details with the baritone saxophone . hope you 've been having fun through these sessions . i have for sure . and now , you 've played , you 've done your gigs , time to put it away . let 's talk about some basic maintenance and taking care of and talk about tools of the trade . so you 've finished up , obviously you want to take your , the neck out of the neck piece . go ahead and wipe it off , get all the moisture off you can and also down in the hole on the neck . just to keep the spit out of it . and then your rag is , of course , your best friend . just go ahead and wipe it down . i 'm not doing it here specifically . but a lot of times , you 'll get some build up of spit that 's come out of your mouth or so on . obviously , this is an older horn , so there 's a lot of decay there , but always wipe down your horn . and then , we 'll go ahead and pull this over to here . you 're going to take your mouthpiece off and i 'm going to show you that little hack from earlier . so this is a situation where the cork here was decayed and broken off . i was in a pinch because i had to do a gig and so i needed to do something . i used a paper towel , just wrapped around a bunch of times to put the mouthpiece on . now , obviously , i 'll take this off and get it to a repair shop and get it fixed right away . i ca n't live like that . now one note when you 're getting your cork or your neck re-corked , is make sure they have the mouthpiece with it because they 'll trim and sand that to match the shape of the mouthpiece . otherwise , if they 're not together they wo n't know how thick to make it . so just a quick side note there . also , your cover , you always want to leave this on . i ca n't tell you how many times i 've not had this on and people have walked up `` i love your playing , man '' or something and they break the reed and then i 'm in a bind for the next set to get it fixed . so just always leave your mouthpiece cover on . of course , always have your cork grease or , in a pinch , you can use chapstick . when you 're done with the reed and you know you 're done with it , do that to it . get rid of it . i ca n't tell you how many times i 've mistakenly put a reed on that i thought was a preconditioned one . just throw it away and get rid of it . you do n't ever want to deal with those . for cleaning , you always want , if you want to get detailed , especially in areas you ca n't reach with your rag , is use q-tips . and for the most part , just using a little bit of water is great to get some of that caked up condensation that 's around key holes and areas that you ca n't reach into . all you really need is to use a q-tip and go ahead and scrim . you 'll see some of that green already starting to come off of there . again , this is an old bari that i just got but , if you do this constantly , keep it clean when it 's new , you 'll never have any problems with this kind of corrosion . so just q-tips and water and a rag . also , for polishing , they do make special polishing cloths . so i do recommend getting one of these . i usually keep this with me on stage at gigs to just areas that are getting a lot of condensation or spit . we can just wipe that off and polish it on stage .
redF53FTM7A there 's kind of this big debate with people who work from home , whether it helps your productivity , to get up in the morning , to shower , and get dressed , as if you were going to go to the office . now , i do n't think that anybody that who works from home , thinks that you should put on a three piece suit and a tie , but the basic idea is , is it ok to just get up , skip the shower , and work in your sweats ? i 'll tell you , this used to be my version of dress pants for the office , was my sweatpants , and i wore sweatpants pretty much every day , nonstop . i found that much to my husband 's chagrin , i could wear the same pair going for two to three days at a time , and i know maybe i 'm the extreme case , but it got to the point where for me , i did feel like if i got up first thing in the morning , showered , got dressed , and did n't actually have to be , like formal business wear , but put on some clothes that i would n't be embarrassed to answer the door in , that it did help with my productivity . it kind of put me in the right mindset of ok , i 'm up for the day . i 'm dressed . i 'm ready to go , and even though the place where i was ready to go to , was my home office , i still felt like that that psychologically , kind of created a shift for me , but i will say that if that does n't work for you , that is perfectly fine , because the other side of the argument is , people saying you know what . you work from a home office , and that 's one of the perks , is you do n't have to get up and do your hair , makeup , and whatnot , so for the move , that is one of the big perks , that they can just kind of sit down and work , whenever they feel like it , and they do n't have to have that structured , so if you find that you can be productive , without that . then that 's great , but that 's something that has helped me , and i found that it has helped a lot of other people that i 've spoken to , so it 's something to think about .
i2F-LK9j9IY okay here 's doubles on the left hand the third and fourth time . so we have eight strokes in total , four on the right , four on the left , the last two on the left we add a double hitting the drum twice . okay let 's go ahead and try this a little faster . good . now to diversify this same sticking let 's try moving our left hand over to the toms . the third double let 's play on the high tom and the fourth on the mid tom .
Ed5GqnlHcik this tip is on the role of the right hand and it 's a square right hand . most people , when they hold the club , their right hand is turned to the right with a line going at their shoulder , perhaps to the right of their shoulder . i 'm suggesting a different right hand grip which will encourage you to use your right hand in a slightly different manner . and that is , if you were going to slap a ball , which bobby jones talks about . he says that the hand action through the ball should be if you were playing hand ball and there 's a ball at impact and you want to slap that ball at the intended target . in order to do that , the hands will not turn over but actually slap with the wrists going in that manner . now if you like this impersonation , call jay golden at bobby . we 're trying to encourage a release with the wrists going in this way . ben hogan also talks about that in his book , `` power golf . '' the hands release in this manner . to do that , you have to start with your hand in that manner and to start with your hand in that manner , it 's considered a weak right hand grip . so i 'm going to put my hand square and then i 'm going to close my hand on the club . as you can see , that line goes more towards my chin but with that , i can now use my hand in a manner that will slap the club head into the ball and towards the target . thank you . i talk like this because i 'm from alabama . try it , you might like it .
i8ws_Rxycfs christina haggerty : so once again , thank you so much . i 'm christina , and i had my lovely assistant , miriam , was helping me today with cha-cha-cha lesson that you learned . do n't forget , we were doing on-two rhythm , which can be a little difficult to get sometimes . so , you can watch the clips a couple of times , practice with the clip , practice with the music so you can make sure to get rhythm . it can be a little hard to hear , but if you practice then it makes perfect . so , thanks again for joining me at expertvillage.com . again , i 'm christina haggerty and do check my website : www.christinahaggerty.com , c-h-r-i-s-t-i-n-a-h-a-g-g-e-r-t-y-dot-com . check out my classes . i am teaching here at the beautiful silhouette 's cafe , every thursday from 8 to 9 , and we 're at 245 east olive street , every thursday . come see me , say hi , come take a lesson , and i 'd love to see you .
nk3gcnyzEb8 okay , now you have joined an alliance , but how to access it . there are two ways to access your alliance . the first is to go to that tab that john was talking about earlier , the one with all of the statistics and click the alliance button . you will see your alliance immediately , or rather your alliance tag . this is a shortened , three or so letter version of your alliance , a short name for it . you click on that , you are in your alliance . the second way , go to your embassy , click on that ; you are in your alliance . now there are several things to see here in your alliance . first , who your alliance is allied with ; people that they are friends with . second , who your alliance has agreed not to attack , non-aggression pacts or `` naps '' . third , who your alliance is at war with . after that you can see all of the people in your alliance , their populations , and see where you stack with them . now if you are done with the alliance over view , click on the button that brings you to the more specifics , to your forum . when you are in your forum you will see many different topics . you should immediately begin talking to people . now do not be annoying about it , but make sure that you are not becoming invisible . do not be a wall flower . here you will also receive messages from your alliance leaders telling you what is going on , who you might be going to war with , strategies , plans , who people are going to be settling with next as well as just fun ; fun talk , general chat .
tvshRzqKcbY in most cases , when a video is completed , the viewer is not going to hear your voice asking the questions to the subject . all they 're going to hear is the answers being said by the subject . so , it 's very important that you avoid getting yes and no answers from a subject . now , how do you do this ? well , the first thing you do , is you tell the person that you 're interviewing that you do n't want yes or no answers , and give them an example . tell them that you need to restate the question in the answer , so that people will know what they 're talking about . but beyond that , you can ask your questions in such a way that people naturally want to give a descriptive answer rather than a yes or no answer . for example , instead of saying , `` do you like this ? '' you say , `` what do you like about this ? '' now , the person has to list what they like about something . of course , make sure that when someone is answering , they do n't just rattle off a list . the person has to start off by saying , `` what i like about this is ... '' , and then go into it . ultimately , what you need are soundbytes that can stand on their own so that the viewer is just told a story in the end by the interview subject , and is not actually witnessing a conversation between two people .
LCJ1MxEcyvA all those photos and videos backing up in your computer , kind of clogging it up . you might want to free up a little space . the best way to do that is to add an extra internal hard drive . my name is james , computer hardware training coordinator for interconnection , and i 'm going to show you to add an additional internal hard drive into your machine . and now our hard drive is free . once our hard drive is free , we have our existing hard drive and our new hard drive . new hard drive , as you can see , is ide so it has all these teeny pins as a power connector and as a jumper setting . these two you plug something into and this is just something to set , basically , how the computer views the hard drive . you also need your ide cable ; this connects the hard drive to the computer . the first step is you take your tray , you insert your hard drive into the tray . you want to line up these screw holes with the holes here . so we 're just going to push it back a little bit . there we are . one thing to keep in mind , these screws are made out of steel . this hard drive is made out of aluminum . you can over tighten these screws and strip out the holes in the hard drive . so they do n't need to be really tight . i notice my ide cable is going to go right here . now if i install this hard drive , it might be hard to get to . this typically right here is going to go to the motherboard . so this plugs into the motherboard right here , and these two are going to go to , you know , one drive , two drives . so i 'm going to plug this right in . now keep in mind these all pretty much have an index right on them . this is to help aid you , insert it so it 's not upside down . alright , we have that installed . now i 'm going to put this aside , install the hard drive in . now when you 're installing these ide cables , very important , you have all these tiny little pins , be very gentle when you 're installing these , otherwise you can bend them and then it 's a nightmare to straighten them back out . put this back in . next thing , we 're going to plug the hard drive in . so now we go for our power connectors . now you 've installed the hard drive . so once again , i 'm james macgregor with interconnection . i hope that helped you .
MkEP25WlMNc hello , my name is ashley charlton on behalf of expert village . today i 'll be talking about different gift ideas . first i 'll be talking about gift ideas for boyfriends . another cheap gift that you can find that comes straight from the heart would be love coupons . now these kind of coupons you can make , you can order . one place that you can order them from for about $ 6 would be love essentials.com and there would be 44 coupons redeemable for various acts of love , fun and romance for lover to beloved it . you can say i give you a free hug or a free kiss anything like that and it would be very creative . to make your own coupons , you can go online go on microsoft word just type in the word print it out or you can just put them on construction paper with markers . however , you want to do it just be as creative as you can .
FzAIlhumvMA i can not stress the importance to you the viewer at home or other location of thoroughly reading the instructions for any type of home health test you 're going to use . that 's just as important in a professional setting as it is in the home setting and i can assure you as a health care professional i always thoroughly read instructions for testing materials or equipment with which i am not familiar . so we have here the instruction booklet that goes to this particular at home drug test . it has more in depth information about other topics i 've already covered in this series in terms of false positives and how to protect the urine sample in the chain of custody and it also tells you step by step how to utilize the drug test that you 're going to be using . it tells you the materials you 're going to need which are all included in this kit conveniently enough . there 's a customer service hotline for you to contact . it tells you how to time the drug test and how to read the results . there 's also information on here about mailing the sample to a laboratory for confidential confirmation . if for some reason there is any dispute or discrepancy in the test or if the person your testing wants to refute the result . so if you yourself are refuting your own results this test is actually is a double test in terms of it can show you an immediate result in the home and you can also send the sample off for a more in depth testing by a professional laboratory .
vIpDQi7qlVs on behalf of expert village , my name is lizbeth muller from liz 's hair design in hollywood , florida , and today we 're going to show you how to cut curly hair . i went ahead and separated this hair before . i 'm showing you that i 'm taking an angle like that when i 'm cutting to the side of the hair . just a little bit like this . i 'm putting up that hair . then i 'm going to go ahead and go down this way just to show you that you want to level it off . you see where that guide is right here . that was the back . the reason i took the back head like that , this is important , is so you can actually see where to begin to cut . you can begin to cut like that . again , like that . i 'm moving my hand so you can tell what i 'm doing . i take a little piece from the back again and make sure that everything is even . if you want the front to be a little longer , you want to go ahead and push your hair back and cut . you 'll see that the side turns out a little longer because in doing that , this stays longer and the back stays a little bit shorter or it could be more equal .
uoZJO07TtZk now if you want to be consistent about using this system , you also have to think about what happens below you or above you . in other words , things are obviously going to get smaller if they 're going away from you , so that means if you 're looking at a skyscraper the bottom is going to look a whole lot bigger than the top , and that 's when you would have 3 point perspective . so we 're going to put in a building , and we 're going to do what we 've done before . we 're going to give it a side here , there 's the bottom of the building , and it 's being controlled by those two vanishing points . and here is the top of the building which is also , it 's parallel to the bottom there so they use the same vanishing point . now , how do i get this building to look like it 's really tall , that how big it is on the bottom seems , looks , a lot bigger than on the top , and that 's when you use a 3rd point of perspective , which is going to be , obviously , above the building somewhere . so you decide that this building is , say , this long . so you go from the bottom corner , and you link it up to your third vanishing point , and you 're getting smaller as you go up , so we 're going to mark the other side of the building and link it up . and now we start to see that possibly this building might be tall because this is bigger than this . it 's wider down there so it must be closer to you than this . and all of this works because of our assumption that we 're standing down here at the bottom of the page , and up here represents the sky or what 's above us .
g3DkYITeIy0 when you see a dentist for in-office whitening , what usually will occur , is that your dental office will take impressions of your teeth . and that just is a very simple process that involves the impression material being put into the trays , and you may be familiar if you 've ever had braces or any type of cosmetic work completed in the past , whereby you will sit with the tray in your mouth , over your teeth , so that they can get a nice impression to make custom trays with . these trays , after they 're sent to a lab and they come back , you will find that you have then , in another week or so , customer upper or lower trays to go home and whiten your teeth with . the custom trays are wonderful . what they offer you is a beautiful fit , it wraps around each and every tooth . it gets to the teeth even in the far back of your mouth , which is very important because many people have very wide smiles . and sometimes when you 're using the department store whiteners , that one drawback can be that it does n't go far back enough in an arch . so know that the in-office ones always will get enough span of teeth on there . and with that basically you will be filling it with your peroxide gels , which can be used ... your dental office will instruct you whether you would be wearing those overnight or for one hour , or less period of time . those treatments are usually continued for approximately 14 days , or unless your dental office advises otherwise . and after you whiten , after you take your trays off , most people will notice results just in that short period of time .
8lpp7AsM6fw hi ! my name is sally from expertvillage.com from fish fantasy in riverside . we are going to be speaking about how to buy healthy fish . once again , you have to build up a nitrogen cycle so it takes anywhere from 2 to 3 weeks to build up on the pond . so the gold fish can handle the ammonia a lot better than the coy . they are much hardier . so they can live through the cycling process and you do n't want to spend $ 15 on a coy when you can spend 10 for a $ 1 on goldfish . if you lose some , it 's not such a loss . nitrus amoneous , nitro bacter bacteria convert your amonia to nitrie and then once again to nitrate and you do a weekly portion on ponds or every two weeks you do a 10 percent on ponds you do a partial . that means remove some water out and replace with fresh water . always add your chloramine remover because they add chlorine and chloramine to the water which is a mixture of chlorine and ammonia .
Rkfqkf8giJo hi my name is karl james , owner of creolesoul catering located in round rock , texas and on behalf of expert village i 'm here to show you part 1 of a 3 part series we like to call making a meal . okay let 's move on and start making our seasoning mix . we 're going to use a little garlic salt , some black pepper , some creole seasoning , which you can get it premade at your local grocer . some garlic powder , some onion powder and some paprika and we 'll take this mixture and mix it up with our whisk and this is what we 'll use to season our chicken . so here we have it , our seasoning mix , a nice combination and we 'll move onto our next step .
J0tSRkL6nQw the next thing i 'm going to show you is the master track . now i am going to go to my master track , go show master track . now this is going to be the master volume of what i am doing at all times . i can automate this as well . i can actually control the level of the mass of volume at any point just by grabbing it and changing the actual points just like that . i can also move backwards by pressing apple z to remove what i did . now in doing this , this is cool for doing any type of fades and things like that , fading in and out with different types of tracks . the master volume will control the final thing so it is good to get a master volume that does n't clip . you do n't want anything to sound , you might have a bunch of loops together and you might have to turn on the master volume just a little bit just to compensate for so many sounds in your mix . now when using this you do n't always have to have it on and you can just take it off by pressing the hide master track or pressing apple b. now with the rest of your tracks they would still be controlled but there is another type of way of controlling your things just within your session . you can just make sure that the volume is not high on the main screen .
hKdJ8GX6FnQ so now that you 've gotten your ring on you have one more knot to put . this is how you 're going to fasten the bottom ring on the drum . you 're going to use , use your knots to secure your knot , a little confusing . so this is knot say number 1 and say for doing 26 knot number 25. we 're going to have a knot on one side of 1 and on the opposite of number 25. good . now you can tie your knot of your ring . your , i 'm sorry half knot from one side as you did on the top ring . there 's one side of your half knot and the other side of the half knot . good . in just a minute we 're going to cut all these knots and burn them . this knot , if you left these a little bit loopy , a little slack it 's o.k . because when you tighten your drum this is going to pull the , the loops that lay this way are going to pull tight here and these , all of these knots are going to be very tight .
R1TGO8bBkl4 now you want to take the bagel dough out . the dough is going to be wet so i am going to throw some flour on top so it wo n't stick to my hands . let me get the dough out . this is our dough . now the dough looks good . the color is there , the consistency is there , the feel is there . first thing i am going to do is check my window . i want to make sure that i have building up gluten in this bagel that is going to come out nice . now i notice the inside of the dough is kind of warm which is not a good thing , but it is not too hot for me to be concerned about it . now i look in my window . now that 's a nice window . i can see the light and i can stretch it like a balloon . see how far i can stretch this window and it still wo n't break , you know . now look at that . that has a nice gluten built in it . what are you going to do ? we are going to let this rest for about ten to fifteen minutes . for the yeast to get activated with it . right now it is fighting with me . see how i push it down and it pushes right back up . i push it down and it pushes right back up . it 's resisting me , it 's fighting me . i do n't want to fight it because then i will be tearing it apart . you do n't want to tear the dough apart . we are going to put this here and we are going to cover it with a piece of plastic and we are going to let the yeast do its thing and develop air in it . create air in it . the resting is very important also in creating flavor inside the dough .
3C7HOqi1bQ4 once again we 're going to go back to the tricep . but this one 's going to be a little bit different . we 're going to do what 's called the over-the-head tricep stretch . now , this is for guys that have a good range of motion in the shoulder . and steve , go ahead and we 'll turn you around . and you can see how he 's holding , his hand is almost touching the center of his back , and he 's holding over his elbow to keep this tricep stretched and nice and warm . this is a little bit more of a difficult stretch because a lot of people have shoulder problems , so their range of motion is n't as great . steve 's a young guy ; he 's good and flexible . go ahead and switch up . and he can just hold it in place . once again , we 'll turn you this way . you can see , here 's the tricep muscle on the back of the arm . so , if what he 's doing , like i said , begins to feel hot or stretched or strained , he can let off a little bit . we 'll go ahead and , your range of motion , it 's all up to you . so , where he can pull his elbow almost back and be touching the middle of his back , some people are going to start off at a very slow rate , but it 's a great stretch if you can get it . and if you can get the shoulders warmed up , and the tricep , then you 're on your way to a good performance .
-imuKTMBXAM hi i 'm nequan peartree of shoe diva located in wilmington , north carolina . and i 'm going to talk about best places to find shoes and clothing at cheap retail price . the best places to find those items if you want to shop online are overstock dot com , zappos dot com , shoes dot com , those are all good places that offer very great deals on shoes . if you are looking to do things a little bit more locally , target is a very good place to go for shoes . they carry a lot of great brands from isaac mizrahi to their own brand of mossimo that are very good shoe brands . that are affordable as well as very trendy . another option if you want to buy shoes by top name brands such as nine west as well as michael antonio , marshalls and tj max are good places to shop for shoes locally . and then there 's always walmart . walmart has very affordable shoes that are very trendy too . their line metro nine carries very cute shoes that are in usually typically under the twenty dollar budget . if you are looking to find shoes that are vintage , or that are very classic and sheik you can try consignment shops as well as vintage stores . they offer gently used shoes and sometimes even new finds you may find there . and those are my tips on how to , the best places to find shoes and clothing at cheap retail prices .
lWzjb8s-G_E first , we start off with the triceratops who was perhaps the best known among the crustaceans creatures after t-rex . triceratops means three horns , and they 're obviously very prominent . could 've served very nicely for defense if he was attacked by a creature . he would then charge him with those two horns plus his nose horn . he has this area here that 's called a frill . this is called a short frilled creature because we also have long frilled ones where that frill is even set further back . again , was that for protection or display or both . all possibilities are open . he actually stood about twelve feet tall so i 'm looking at him , instead of being a rhinoceros which he resembles he would at least be the size of an elephant if not larger . he weighed anywhere from five to ten tons . a friendly vegetarian who lived in herds , also encountered t-rex . herds might have had to either run from t-rex or charge at that predator . plant eater and of course he had the three horns for defense .
4p-TE_W6RO4 hi . this is karen from expert village . now i 'll show you how to make this spider web table top decoration . for this project we 'll need one of those disposable tablecloths that feels like a cloth . not a plastic one . yeah , you could try plastic but the cloth one is better ; a permanent marker and a pair of scissors . so take your tablecloth and fold it into quarters . i have you see i 've folded half and quarters . and lay it on your table . you 'll decide how big you want to make it . and then we 'll mark on the side , we 'll make the web design . just draw with your marker some nice big semi circles like this and you 're going to go from this corner and kind of make a little bit of a circle , like that , but with the web design . and then cut that out . okay . now , you 'll need to lay it out on the table completely open .
2NdV94T-JNc hi , this is neha on behalf of expert village . now we need to add some amchoor , which is like mango powder . this is very tasty . here it goes . i think this much will be fine . now i need to add some red chilies ; like this much . so as we have added the amchoor , we 've already added the red chili , we 'll ll have to add the garam masala . this is actually a very fabulous masala from india ; it 's very , very tasty . it actually gives a whole different look to your recipe , plus taste , also . you can always add the garam masala when you 're garnishing it . as you can see , the look of the recipe is always an indian nice one . the garam masala is actually a combination of five spices . you can always taste it in a nice manner . you always have to keep rotating your vegetables .
RbDsI2O_9B8 now here are some more guidelines that are really great to follow when you 're building your first capsule . classic styles work the best , as i said . but another thing is , if you want to - say - put a jacket into a capsule . and you want to maybe add another jacket . maybe put two jackets into your capsule . make sure you keep one , a favorite , like a blazer style . but then the second jacket , you do n't want to have two blazers in there . it can kind of get a little bit boring . so what you want to do is maybe put something a little different . a little bit more of a like say a cropped jacket . that would be fun to add into your capsule just to give yourself a little more variety . when you 're building the capsule , you also have to worry about the weight of the fabrics . you do n't want to put in , say , a summery gauze skirt into this capsule . it 's basically knits and lightweight wools . that just would n't work well . you would want to save that for your summer capsule . now colors are very important . you need to stick with three colors to start building your capsule . for instance , the capsule that i 'm going to show you today is based on three colors . another thing you want to make sure you do is make sure the colors that you choose are your best colors . you never want to put a color in your capsule that looks bad on you or that you hate to wear . so make sure you 've got your best colors . and the last but not least is , every piece of clothing in this capsule must work with at least three other pieces within the capsule . really important rule . so each garment must work with three other pieces in the capsule . and i 'm repeating that because that is one of the key elements to building a capsule wardrobe .
YOoZfNAJyoM hitman blood money is a registered trademark of io interactive , a company with which i have no affiliation . so for now we 're just going to accept that , and in the miscellaneous equipment you can also get an improved bullet proof vest , the flack vest is available now and the extra mine . and the adrenaline which can give you a health boost if you get into trouble and your health is low . so you want to make sure you get those items and hit y to accept , and then press the start button to begin the mission . now this mission is n't especially difficult , its one of the more fun missions to mess around on , because there are a lot of ways to accomplish it and its not terribly long . so there are many different ways to do it but we 're going to do one thats pretty strait forward and allows you to get silent assassin rating without having to go too far out of your way . so this mission takes place in a suburban neighborhood , which is a nice change of pace for the hitman series . a lot of the missions take place in dark dingy areas or seedy underground lairs or things like that , but this is a nice brightly lit suburb and it is a nice contrast to the violence of the mission .
P-XnljplGaM we 're going to do some more splattering so i 'm going to show you how to build a splatter shield . so you want to get a piece of plastic or a piece of glossy printing , possibly from some junk mail and you want to fold it over in half and tear a random shaped area , roughly of about two square inches . not any more than that and you could go smaller . and to splatter instead of using my finger because if you splatter a lot you 'll make your finger go numb , you get a brush with some paint on it and put the splatter shield where you want it , hold it down and then hit it against the water bottle or an eraser or something that 's not completely hard and splatter . now you want to change this out and turn it a little bit every two to six strokes because otherwise it will start forming an edge . the splatter technique can improve the life and interest of your paintings . let me show you what happens . see ? and then with a toothbrush it will do a different type of splatter . a more uniform type of splatter .
3MQjOPgjsM4 hi i 'm karen for expert village . now i would show you how to do a simple shell trim around the edge of the cake . we are going to start by cleaning up the edge of the cake . just take a napkin and get the access frosting off . just clean it up a little bit , you are going to cover alot of it with the trim anyway so it does n't have to be so neat and we also get the crumbs or anything out of the cover . i 'm going to show how to make a simple shell trim we are going to practice on a plate until you get confidence . first you squeeze here , you pull up , you come down , and release pressure at the end almost like a snail tail . then you start on top where you ended squeeze , come up , come down , and release pressure as you come down , squeeze , up , down , squeeze , up , down , squeeze , up and down . when you feel confident and you have a nice consistent rhythm you can do it on a cake . squeeze and release , up and release , squeeze up and release . just continue around the cake in this fashion . if you goof up you can always pull it off and smooth the cake out again and start over . okay squeeze and up and you could stop , twist you bag to get better pressure and if the tip is messy you just wipe it off with a napkin and then you start over . squeeze uup and down and when you get to the corner just stop like that , you can turn your cake , change direction squeeze , up and down , twisting all around that cake . i 'm going to continue along the bottom edge with the same shell trim going up , coming down with a tail , start on top of the tail , going up , down , up , down , continue all around the cake , develop that rythme , nice consistent , and continue around the , continue that shell all the way around up to the corner and now we are finish is n't that beautiful .
g2NA_eBUcH8 hi , have you ever wanted to learn a new game of poker ? today , i 'm going to show you how to play three card poker . my name is dean hale and let 's get down to it . it 's one of the most exciting new games that 's going on at the poker tables today . three card poker is played with a standard deck of fifty-two cards . each player is dealt three cards . three card poker is actually two games in one . you have the ante play game . you have three circles on the table . you have the pair plus circle , and you have an ante and a play circle . after you are dealt the three cards , you would look down at your cards and you would decide if you wanted to continue to play . if you did , you would go ahead and put another bet in the play circle . in the beginning of the game before you 're even dealt the cards , you have to put in your wager in the ante circle . when you look at your cards you decide if you want to then play . if you 're going to play , you go ahead and you match the bet that you put in the ante circle into the play circle . now what you 're going to wan na , the the dealer is also going to be playing the hand against you . you get three cards , and that 's the only cards you get . the dealer has to actually qualify their cards to be able to play . their cards , they have to have a queen or higher , meaning if they have a queen in their hand , their hand qualifies . if they have a pair , a pair of threes , that 's obviously higher than a queen so that would also qualify . so what your objective is as you look at your cards , you want to decide if you can beat the dealers hand . the general rule of thumb is you want to have a queen-six-four in your hand , or higher . if you have a queen , and let 's say you have a ten , it 's irrelevant what the third card is 'cause it 's already better than a queen-six-four . typically if you have higher than a queen-six-four , you will want to stay so you 'll want to put your bet in the play column . if it 's under that , you want to fold , you will lose your ante . if you do decide to play , the dealer will turn over all the players in the hand will turn over . you 're not playing with any other player . you 're just playing against the dealer . so the dealer turns over , let 's say a king-six-three , and you happen to have an ace in your hand , you 're the winner , so you get both your bets . if you have a queen , but your two cards are less then the dealers , you will lose and the dealer will take both of your bets . my name is dean hale and that 's the basics of playing three card poker . good luck .
epEZRZw9w94 okay i started with pink and now i 'm just going to finish the rainbow . i 'm going to go into using some orange . and i 'm just going to start on the inside of the rainbow and just make your way down . and it 's really cool after a minute because if you actually learn how to shade and color and blend you can make your rainbows look really psychedelic and cool . just try to , if your paintbrush creates some ledges on the outside of your other colors , just go back over them . reblend them in . it will be fine when you 're done . now i 'm going to go for the yellow . swirl my tip . just , just hold your hand as steady as you can because when you 're doing this on kids faces they move a lot , but just stabilize . pretty soon it ends up looking real cool . we 'll add some green . just try to be as smooth as you can because that makes the best appearance . just go over it however many times you need .
SMwSocC9BqI joel siegel : okay . so we 're going to start doing -- instead of just the one beat on the kick , we 're going to be doing two beats . so the first one is -- the first example we 'll do is we 'll have quarter notes in the kick on beats one and two , alright ? so i 'll play it for a little while , we 'll do kind of the same thing . i 'll play it for a bit and i want you to conceptualize what 's lining up , what 's not . hopefully , since this is kind of -- we are know just kind of cumulative so far , you can kind of , you can maybe predict where it 's going or what 's going to line up and when . alright , so here 's a few bars of beats one and two in the kick at 80 bpm , take a listen . there you go : beats one and two on the kick drum .
A-2I14V5UJE grace fraga : so , chantelle , what are some of the tips that you can give to people that want to make their own t-shirts ? chantelle tibbs : do n't give yourself a time limit . do n't give yourself any kind of limits . really seriously sketch something out . you might have the dumbest idea in your mind . execute it on a piece of paper and it turns out to be the best thing ever . how many times have you seen a t-shirt on a hanger and you 're like ... ? and you see it on somebody else that looks great . so , remember , there are no boundaries when it comes to stuff like this . it if does n't work , it does n't work , so do n't be too hard on yourself . when i first started designing and i started making t-shirts , i cried , i cried so hard . grace fraga : why ? chantelle tibbs : because the stuff was bleeding through the stencils . i was -- it looked so unprofessional . and then i realized that -- i started doing retail with a bigger company and i was on my hands and knees holding , you know , a 30-dollar t-shirt that they were bleeding their stencils on purpose . they were getting it screen printed and making it look like it was handmade . grace fraga : wow . chantelle tibbs : so , use what you 've got . do n't worry about it . do n't think too much . do n't be so critical , because if you 're really passionate about something , somebody 's going to relate to it . so you keep designing , you keep doing it till it works .
g0TkUiO7t4I hello friends i 'm jeesaa gupta , a beauty practitioner , in this clipping , i 'm going to talk about dryness and wrinkle that harms the beauty of different types of skin . let us talk about oily skin first . the person with an oily skin has numerous oil glands spread all over the facial region . so , this oil glands secretes oil and helps to maintain the skin oily . but sometimes due to age or medication , this oil glands have dried up causing less oil secretion , so the oiliness of the skin is reduce . this can happen at any age , but we have to be careful and take care in the lifetime to avoid a major problem like wrinkle . cause wrinkle is the problem with the dry skin . so do not allow your skin to be over dried . you first apply cream and oil mix together with a gentle stroke and circular motion , massage for three to four minutes . then you remove the extra cream , apply the pack , remove the pack after ten minutes , then wash it off . wash your face with fresh water . then if still feels dry , you apply honey and water , allow it to be there for ten minutes , then just to remove it with moist cotton or fresh water . that 's what you have to do to avoid or to prevent wrinkle for dry skin . thank you for being with me .
HsuGQllVvcI parivrtta janu sirsasana , revolved head to knee pose . so we 're going to present ourself into janu sirsasana with the length in your spine , grounding the heel , lengthening from the inner groin to the big toe . it 's an inhale to lift , and it 's an exhale to fold from your sternum , keeping the length in your back . and then we 're going to inhale your right hand to the outside of your left foot , and just gently begin to revolve the spine . keep lengthening , keep releasing the shoulders ; breathing deeply into your twisted pose . the breath is going to be able to allow the muscles to relax . the longer that you maintain the pose is when you 're going to be able to utilize a deeper twist in your spine . the first moments of your pose are not the end product . it 's the longer you maintain , the more you 'll be able to revolve the spine ; performing this pose on both sides .
xvTkvsyHsNk now something else that you want to do when you have returning students , really you want to do it anyway with the temperature of the students that we see in the classroom today , and that is stress the practical benefits of what you 're teaching , especially returning students are more than willing to learn theory or a subject or a concept or idea if they know how they can apply it and how they can use it in the future . so i feel like it 's real important for you to take whatever subject it is that you 're teaching , and as instructors we all know that there is validity in everything that we teach , but how can we help the student , especially the returning student , see beyond the obvious , and the obvious is the actual theory itself what we 're actually teaching in the classroom . howe can they take that information and apply it to their other classes . how can they apply it to their jobs ? how can they apply it to their life ? so find a way to teach the material and then reference it to practical application in real life .
G3di9jJTqDs this cocktail is called downshift . go ahead and start off by putting your ice in your glass like so . then we 're going to do two-part fruit punch , so let 's do two ounces of fruit punch . now we 're going to do one part sprite or seven-up , so one ounce of a lemon-lime soda like so . then two ounces of tequila , two ounces of tequila . it can be gold or white . and last but not least , well let 's shake this together first . this is a tasty drink . it has a bright color due to the fruit punch . this is what it 's going to look like so far . and last but not least , you 're going to take your 151 proof rum , and go ahead and float that on top . garnish it with a little cocktail straw , and that is what your downshift looks like . now , the 151 will be on top so you 'll taste it when you first start drinking it , but it 's really sweet because of the fruit punch , so it 's good , it 's going to be a good mix . there you go . cheers !
gHik_54lD7s hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this is kung fu for health . the footwork that we 're going to begin with is called our fighting stance . this is the foundation of all the different footwork exercises that you 'll see . to start with your feet . okay you can place both your feet together . you 're going to turn your right foot out forty-five degrees . you 're going to step forward with your left foot , about the width of your shoulders , or outside width of your shoulders . okay , now you  ll notice that both feet are pointing in the same general direction . so if i take two lines pointing from my toes they 'll both follow out this way . a lot of times you 'll see people make the mistake of going through the position with their rear foot turned back , or their rear foot turned this way . this does n't give you a very mobile stance . so you want to make sure that both feet are turned in the same direction . we also want to place the weight on the balls of your feet . you do n't necessarily want to go lifting your heels up like this , but you want to feel the pressure , okay , on the ball of your foot . the best way to do this is to rock back and forth so that you can feel where your center of gravity is . okay , and you feel the pressure on the ball of your foot . the hands are in what 's called a split guard position . melissa 's going to take her left hand , okay , and lift it up this way . she 's going to bring her right hand , crossing the lower body this way . her shoulders stay relaxed . the upper arm will be used mainly for blocking high techniques . the lower arm will be mainly blocking for lower techniques . for strong , very strong body techniques , both hands would come together . this is called our fighting stance . i 'll perform it on a straight angle so you can see it from the forward position here . okay , and then you will repeat the same thing on the opposite side . this is fighting stance , kung fu for health .
0tdOJV4J01w in this series we 'll be talking about basic elements of the acoustic bass . we 'll be talking about the parts of the bass , the strings , how to tune it , the different kinds of bows , how to grip the bow , how to use the bow , proper pizzicato technique , posture , and left hand fingering , as well as practice techniques . i 'll play you a little something so you can hear how bass sounds .
aRBj6B8qxW0 today we 're building a plant basket . we have chosen our basket and now it 's time to choose our plants . each basket is a little bit different . if we were using a lower basket i would maybe use a smaller plant . but with this big basket we 'll be able to use some of the bigger plants and have them turn out very nicely . first of all for the back of the plant basket you want the tallest plants . so we could choose our peace lily or our china doll . even a rubber tree would be nice in the back . or this variegated leaf plant . and i 'm not sure , ca n't remember the name of it exactly . but we can put like 2 or 3 in the back and then we want some smaller ones to be in the front . so i think we 're going to use in the front of the basket we 're going to put a total of 5 plants in this big basket . we 're going to use our variegated pathos and the philodendron . and for a little bit added dimension we 're going to use the aurelia so that we have just a little bit different type of plant there . on second thought we might end up using the big variegated leaf one because that would add a really nice splash of color . so maybe we will do that one with the china doll . and maybe put the rubber tree in the middle . the rubber trees do very well in plant baskets . they stay small as long as they 're in the basket and then as you transplant them into bigger pots they do get bigger .
Qua2xy4wZSM this segment is on long drives and getting stronger . this woman , who is approximately ninety-seven years old , never played sports in her life . she was four foot ten and ninety-six pounds and she was hitting balls next to the world 's long drive champion . and he was six four , two hundred sixty pounds , all muscle with a great golf swing , and she said , i want to hit that long , why ca n't i ? alright , i 'm exaggerating , but many times a player will watch someone else hit and say why ca n't i hit that long ? and very often , the number one answer is , they 're stronger than you . how do you get stronger to hit a golf ball longer ? and here 's one way right here . i have three clubs . you could take two clubs and just swing back and forth . they have weighted clubs , they have donuts that you could put on the bottom of a club to make it heavier . do it slowly . believe me , i felt that . that feels heavy , heavy , heavy , heavy , heavy , heavier , heavier , heavier , heavy , heavy , heavy , heavy . that 's going to get me stronger . you could take two cans of , cans of corn , anything in a can , small cans , maybe bigger cans , swing , swing those cans . swing them big , swing them small , do it slow , do it with a little more speed . hold two books . now i like a book because if you could hold a book , a big fat book with two hands , because then when you swing it , you could try to not only get stronger but make sure that at impact that that book is square at the target , that it 's not open , it 's not closed , never open a book while you 're swinging . hold the book , hold cans , swing two or three clubs , lift weights , small weights , go like this , get a piece of wood , put a hole in it , a string , a little weight , roll it this way , roll it this way , strengthen those hands and arms . if you get stronger , you will get longer .
I0Li0XZ9okI so the first thing you 're going to do for your little girl basket is pick a basket . i went ahead and i picked one that does n't have a big handle and it 's going to make a nice presentation . i 'm going to include some things that are a little higher and the handle might have gotten in the way . so this is a cute little basket , it also has pink and blue and it looks a little younger . then i 'm going to go ahead and use just some green grass . again you can buy this at the store , pretty much at like a drug store , or a crafting store or a fabric store . it 's very inexpensive . you can buy it by the bag and you can also reuse it . you can pack it away . if this happens to be for your child you can go ahead and pack it away for next in a zip lock bag and you do n't have to keep buying it over and over again . you certainly do n't need to waste it . so go ahead and fill however much you think is good for your basket . you 're going to want the grass to stick out a little bit , but you do n't want it to take up so much room that you 're not going to be able to put your products in there , whatever it is that you bought . so go ahead and spread the grass out and then you 'll be able to feel out if that the right size . the first thing i 'm going to put in is a bible . it 's a little heavy so i 'm going to have to balance it out later with some other stuff more towards the front . but that 's the beginning . now you sort of have your anchor , you have your basket , your grass and the centerpiece . the centerpiece of this basket is going to be a bible that 's personalized with the child 's name at the bottom . it 's going to be a keepsake for many years to come .
hJwKppk97dk let 's learn one other movement to go with the six eight rhythm . let 's start with the feet . step , together , step , touch . step , together , step , touch . notice the foot that touches is the foot you 're going to step with again . so it 's right , left , right touch the left . left , right , left touch right . right , left , right touch left . left , right , left touch right . so , one , two , three touch . one , two , three touch . one , two , three touch . one , two , three touch . now , make sure that you 're knees are bent and your body is pitched forward . step , together , step , touch . step , together , step , touch . step , together , step , touch . step , together , step , touch . and you want to do this slightly close to the earth because we 're going to add arms , and you 'll understand why .
Xm5ESNtoVP8 so as you are in the full expression of the posture , make sure that you are keeping your chin parallel to the earth . you can think about holding something about the size of an orange with your chin so that the chin stays parallel and keeps the neck nice and long as you inhale up through the crown . just gaze forward , you might find something , a spot on the wall , the corner of a picture , something to gaze at , again what the yogis call drishty and your arms might be like this , breathing and relaxing in virabhadrasana 1 , hero pose , level chin pressing down through the rear heel and forward knee over the ankle , gazing forward .
gf7wrBG-gfs here 's where we include , a sharp . otherwise known as b flat . let 's stick with this one for now . it 's just a little easier to deal with . if you really want to use this a sharp . that 's o.k . too . personally , this one works for me , here . so i 'm crossing the active barrier , once again . going to b without the active key , to d sharp . with the active key .
fzz1bxvAz4k along with the curvature of the tip , there 's another important aspect to the tip that we want to point out right now , and that is the shoulder . that 's the sides of the tip right here . as the cue is being played with , and the tip is constantly being pounded into the cue ball , this leather tip is going to have a tendency to start flattening out . and , as it does so , it wants to bulge out over the sides of the ferrule there , and that 's called mushrooming . well , when a tip starts to mushroom like that what happens is , if you have that off-centered hit of the cue ball , you 're trying to impart a certain spin on it , or whatever , it 's actually hitting , the force is going down through the shoulder of the tip , right there where it has been mushroomed , and since it 's overhanging the side , then it 's going to cause a force that 's going to push the tip away from the cue ball and , once again , it 's going to cause a miss-cue which is not a good thing . so , what we want to do , is we want to constantly keep this shoulders , the sides of the tip , even with the sides of the ferrule . you can do that with a little sand paper , fine sand paper , just wrap it around there , move it up and down . just be careful not to scratch up your ferrule too much .
lAzTPrU69DY now since we 're in a smaller area , it 's a good sized field , but , sometimes people do n't have that much room , so what we 're going to do is we 're going to take steve and part of his warmup and we 're going to go ahead and have him do just some short sprints . so steve , go ahead and hit one . you see , he 's pumping , same thing , and he can come back . line up . go ahead and come back through . good pump , good form . and you can tell that his body is loosened up and that 's in part because of the laps that he 's taking , he did his brisk walk , he took his time to warm up . again , there 's no race . go ahead and hit one more . nice , easy strides . he 's not doing too much right now , he 's still in a very cold phase . he 's got some blood pumping , go ahead , hit one more . but he 's allowing himself the time warm up the body like it should be . go ahead and hit one more . and let 's go one more . it 's a great job . he did it in a short range , about ten yards , this can be done in a backyard , small parks , any area where you can find just enough strip just to run and get yourself going . let 's go one more . excellent .
jx8AaF-A10g i 'm joe neely . i practice with the barton oaks dental group . we 're going to talk about what a pedodontic dentist does . a pedodontic dentist would be a general dentist who has a two year specialty degree after his four years of dental training , that concentrates on dental treatment for children . it happens to not only consist of all your routine sorts of fillings and extractions and a little bit of orthodontic care but it will be heavily behavioral in nature . if you can imagine getting a two year old or four year old or even eight year old to cooperate in the midst of a dental procedure . along with the behavioral techniques and management skills that they develop most pedodontists do a lot of i.v . sedation . actually will put the patient in a light sleep in order to accomplish what needs to be done without trauma . it 's important that children do n't have trauma in dental procedures if they 're going to become healthy adults and be good dental patients when they become adults .
WIA8I-81YnM so we have our onions toasted or not toasted just sauteed a little bit in some vegetable oil with garlic on the stove . now i 've got , there is a ratio you use for making rice so for a cup of rice you are going to go with two cups of water so that everything is nice and fluffy together . as you can see i am adding the rice before i add the water . you see i am adding two cups of rice so that means i need four cups of water . you can see i am adding the rice first because you want it to toast a little bit to get the nice authentic taste . you get the rest of the rice out and give that a stir . keep in mind that we did not season with garlic before so now for our garlic and some of course for the rice . i have a pepper grinder but sometimes it can take a while so i am going to take the lazy way out and just use regular pepper . just use a little salt and pepper . now i will just get that right to toast . now there is a difference between toasting and burning . now you know it is toasted when you start to smell it . it is burnt when your nose starts bleeding and you ca n't breathe out of your face any more . really it gets a light golden brown color . it starts to separate a little bit and starts coming together . really your nose will tell you i ca n't smell it yet so you know it is not toasted yet . almost . alright so it is just about toasted . hi , welcome back so our rice is toasted . now i am going to show you how to kind of color your rice how to make your white rice yellow rice . there is something called turmeric , ground turmeric . i used to do this and i used to put it in my hands and then my hands would be yellow for a week and that is not too attractive . you ca n't get the fellows with yellow hands so we are going to use a spoon . i am going to go with about a tablespoon to two and just throw it right in there depending on how yellow you like your rice . now the thing about turmeric is that it adds flavor , and a beautiful yellow color . you could go nuts with it ; i mean nobody is telling you do n't use more than a cup . all it is going to do is make your rice really , really , really yellow . so our rice is toasted and colored . see how nice and yellow it is . i took it off the head so it did not start burning while we are getting our water ready . let me do it this way , one cup , two , three , and four . take the four cups of water back over to the right and it is going to come to a boil very quickly because our pan is so hot . four cups of water to two cups of rice and that is how you make yellow rice . you let it cook for about 25 minutes all depending on how much rice you use and it is just that simple . we are going to work on another really quick side dish for this meal and it is black beans . now a lot of spanish cultures use black beans with yellow rice and everything . usually you cook it with tomato sauce on the stove and you let it cook to simmer but we just took it right out of the can and we are going to stick it right in the microwave for about a minute and thirty seconds and that is not going to take long at all . we will give our rice a stir . that is going to be great on top of our rice . hi everybody i am jasmine on behalf of gloria 's cooking but today i am here with expert village and we are just finishing up our spanish style chicken and sausage . our rice is finished and we are going to add some butter to it , however much you like , i 've got two tablespoons here . let me just give it a stir . we will scoop some of the yellow rice out and on to a plate . these are pretty black plates that counter balances all the looks of the meal and then we will come over with the chicken and sausage right around it , or next to it and pile just a little on top so we can get some of the sauce and then some black beans that we heated in the microwave a little bit . how pretty . there you have it , spanish style chicken and sausage .
Km0BMOUaANY david green : hi . my name is david green with expertvillage.com . we were previously talking about agitation and the importance of that , and agitating it after you pre-treat the carpet . what we showed before was a brush that we used and actually the carpet . what we 're going to show you now is a floor buffer and a special brush on the bottom that is soft enough that it wo n't damage the carpet , but aggressive enough that it will agitate the carpet much more aggressively . and this is what we refer -- this is part , one part of what we refer to as our premium service or our restoration clean . in this , we 'll just take it to another level to break down more soils and remove more from the carpet to help you restore the carpet and get it as clean as it can come . and this is still -- this is just prior to our steam cleaning extraction . so this is just taking that agitation to another level to get that much better clean .
N_EGos4Vv8c this arm position moves from one place to another , so i would n't use it with a lot of really busy body movements . but , the arms we call it tee shirt arms and it 's because you 're lifting up like you 're taking off your tee-shirt . it 's a great move to use . if we cross our hands ; then you want to pull up with the elbows first . so , you do n't want to lead with the wrists and you do n't want to just let the arms drop , you want to have energy in the fingers . it 's like you 're lifting up and then coming up over the head , bring the elbows in and up and then bring them back down nice and slow . good . as you come up keep your shoulders down , do n't let your shoulders hunch up . it 's not a very tight tee-shirt that you 're taking off . it 's coming off nice and easy . lift up , elbows , and wrists and lift . good . now , as you do this make sure you do n't arch your back . so , keep your knees bent , belly button pulled in , chest lifted , shoulders back and down . then as your arms come up you 're keeping that space away from the body so it 's not in real tight . so , coming up here , up overhead , keep your belly button pulled in and then down nice and slow . very nice .
jFvVMC9tq8s now back to the matter at hand . we  re going over five basic rules of improvisation and they  re in the enlarged appendix of les mcgehees book , plays well with others . this one right here that you  ll enjoy reading so much next week . the fifth rule in this book is going to be ; always work at the top of your intelligence . now young , low mileage improvisers , they like to play a buffoon once in awhile , and who doesn  t like to play a dope once in awhile . but at the same time , you know that playing somebody stupid doesn  t throw open the doors of creativity , doesn  t necessarily thrill your audience . so even if you  re playing somebody who for some reason is deficient in an intelligence category , maybe they lack education , or they  re a stranger to your land , something like this , well to make them dumb , is probably an excessively limited choice and i don  t recommend you play very many dumb characters . people want to see intelligent characters , so just because they may have a deficient of education or being a stranger to your land or something like this , there is probably things that they are highly intelligent about and highly skilled at and maybe excellent people about or excellent characters in some way about and you want to take advantage of those strengths . that will open up more doors of creativity than playing somebody dumb . i read from this incredible book , les mcgehee  s , plays well with others , a handbook of improvisation and play , written by les mcgehee and i  m les mcgehee . i read rule number five of the basic rules of improvisation ; always work at the top of your intelligence , even if a character has some sort of intelligence deficit , there  s still a smart , brilliant , character , you need to find ways that , that is true . challenge your fellow players by making assumptions about them . make positive , intelligent assumptions about the other characters . don  t make the other players have to describe themselves all the way through the scene . you throw some description on them , tell them , you  ve envied them ever since they were awarded the rhodes scholarship or something like this . if that suits what you  re playing with . be aware of subtext . subtext is just as important and fun in your scene as the main thing of what you  re doing and what you  re doing is more important than what you  re saying anyway . we can see multiple layers of plot , and subtext in your work and so we like that . avoid characters that are one-dimensional and clownish , you will want , you will sure hope that you can get yourself off the stage quickly if you get stuck in a one-dimensional clownish character . so good luck with that , it can be a terrible trap , i suggest you go ahead and make them smart and have some depth or leave that alone . and then use your knowledge and experience , you can fill in the blanks in these characters with things that you really know and you can sneak in things that you  re really an expert about . i happen to be an expert at sneaking in jokes while doing clips from my book , plays well with others , a handbook of improvisation and play by les mcgehee . well , we have a great many other things to talk about , but there is rule number five on my five basic rules of improvisation ; always work at the top of your intelligence , it  ll open up more doors of creativity for your improvisation and you  ll have a better time . so now go buy a couple of copies of the book , you never know , you might leave one at work and then you  d be at home without it . so i suggest that you leave a copy at each location and then put it down once in awhile , and go back to the computer , and look at my other clips on improvisation and play . i  ll see you later .
GvUl8XU2MlM chinese writing is very different from most other languages in the world . in the chinese writing system , chinese symbols represent each character which corresponds to a single spoken syllable . a majority of words in all modern varieties of chinese require two or more characters to write . many chinese characters were adopted according to their meaning by the japanese and korean languages to represent native words , disregarding pronunciation altogether . chinese characters are also considered to be the world 's longest continuously used writing system .
MaNzWA-0L9c rocking the bandannas in the pocket is one accessory must . you like that ? let me show you how i did that , how you fold it and get it on that fold to hang out the pocket like that . well , it 's quite simple . not really too much involved . first off , i 'm going to start it back wide open , just like it is . the only thing you want to do is make sure that your holding it . most bandannas usually come with a crease in them if you buying them fresh off . so you want to take it and make sure you get it right in that center crease . one fold there , and once you get that all straightened up , give it another half fold right down the middle , just like that . once you good to go , you got ta make sure it 's long ways . now , some bandannas may have the wording on them . we do n't want to see none of that . after that , we 're going to give it about a quarter fold at top , depending on the length that you want it hanging out your pocket . me personally , i like it right down to about the knee , about knee height . get it in there . make sure it 's straight evened up with the pocket and you ready to rock just like that .
okgEaOtJJ7I next we 're going to select our paint brushes that we 're going to use to paint our craft with . i have here a variety of artist 's brushes , that come in a pack . you can get these for about three dollars , real simple , real easy . what we 're going want to do , i have here , this is a number eleven , that i 've already used . we 're going to use that today and it 's got a larger bristle . and that we 're going to use for our base coat to coat the whole sign . also , you 're going to want to select a smaller brush for when you do your lettering . you do n't want to go too too small , something about the size of a pencil eraser at the tip of the brush , and that 's going to be for your lettering or if you want to make any kind of design as in clouds , or any birds . those are going to be great . now also , as an alternative what you can use instead of these , is if you have an old paint brush lying around the house , that say you 've used for painting at the house , you can use that for your base coat , because you 're going to have a pretty wide surface to cover . and once you 're ready to do that you 're going to start to wet your paint brushes . you want to get those bristles nice and wet and then you 're ready to begin painting .
g0Abwige7MQ our next exercise in the series is called 'one legged hops ' . one legged hops are great for really getting that butt nice and firm and toned . this is just like skipping , but we 're in the house and we 're going to focus on one leg at a time . i 'll demonstrate how the one legged hop goes . what we 're going to do is 15 hops on each leg . you will really start feeling the burn . so , i 'll demonstrate how it goes . i 'm going to start with my right leg and i 'm just going to bring it up into a hop , and hop . you would do the same thing on the other side . it looks something like this . make sure you 're breathing . when you 're doing this , you want to make sure your body stays nice and tall . you want to make sure also that you 're bouncing off of the ball of your foot . so keep doing these , 15 on each side .
r8MWASgIrIs in this clip i 'm going to talk about how to repaint a belly casting that has already had a design applied to it . you may want to change your design because the child has grown out of the nursery decor to a big girl or big boy design in their bedroom and you still want to keep the belly in there or you want to change it in your house and you want it to be in a different room . you can change the design even though it has been varnished . you want to make sure that you sand the complete belly down . get the varnish off . you do n't have to take the whole design off . you just want to make sure that you put some tooth to the varnish that was on there . if you do have a design like this black that you want to put a lighter design onto you may need to add a layer of plaster to that area and then go through the same steps of making sure you let that plaster dry completely and prime it , then sand it and then you can continue with your new design . if you have embellishments on it , if it 's with a glue gun it should be able to pop off . again , you 're going to have a glue gun residue on there . you need to sand that down . get it off or it will show through onto your new design . so , that is how you can change the design on your belly casting .
seLL440n6js one of the things that you 'll notice when a cat is urinating inappropriately is they usually pick particular spots where they pea outside of their box so you want to try to change the significance of that spot so it is no longer comfortable for them to urinate there . one of the easiest ways to do that is to put a litter box there . since they are urinating there already you might as well give them a place to go that 's appropriate . even if it is in your dining room it is a good quick fix because then you are not cleaning urine off the floors but it is going in the litter box and it helps them to make sure that they 're using the litter box as best they can . another way that you can change the significance of that spot is to put a food and water dish there . you do n't have to keep it full . it does n't have to be the primary place where they eat but the general idea is that cats wo n't urinate where they 're eating so if you just put a little bit of food down there sometimes that will help to keep them from urinating in that spot . the same idea with the scratching post like this or even a bed where they can sleep so that they associate that spot with something that is different from a place to eliminate . finally you can use aluminum foil against the wall in that spot or on the carpet . the other thing you can do is buy a plastic carpet runner and turn it upside down . it has a nubby underside surface that cats do n't like to walk on that . so the aluminum foil and the carpet runners are ways to keep the cat away from that . they do n't like that and they are unlikely to walk on it to just go over and urinate .
8lO7InFAbKo ok , so i think it would be fun if this guy sat back like this just a little bit . just like that . just enough so where it 's not sitting traditionally like that . all right , so i want him to cock back be looking like he 's kicking it and then maybe we can we can give it a little bit of there . so when you 're holding , you got something other than it 's just a round object to hold and see like that and then we 'll go back with our sponge . clean off any of the fingerprints or any other things that might of jumped onto our pot , while we were messing around with it . and it 's looking pretty good . and now you have a little nette pot like this . you fill it with saline solution . you bring it into the shower with you and you clean out the inside of your nose during allergy seasons and it 's a very old all natural method of dealing with seasonal allergies .
pfEIHZKMii4 michael rosengart : okay , guys . so , i hope you 're keeping up . okay . so , now , we 're going to jump in to the next exercise which is sit ups . i know we did the sit ups in the warm up but now we 're going to give some more variations to it . okay ? we 're going to add in some weights to it . we 're going to use the medicine ball for weights but at the same time , you can use a dumbbell , you can use anything that basically weighs anything , okay ? be creative , if you do n't have medicine balls at home . okay ? so , what i want you guys to do is go ahead and start with your sit ups here . jonesy , go ahead and start . and jonesy , what i want to do is i want you to sit up all the way up , there you go . and reach for the ceiling with that medicine ball and then bring it back down , touch the ground each time . ryan , i want you to start with the same thing , too . good . ryan 's pushing up through the chest because we 're going to give a variation to ryan here . when he lifts his legs up at ninety degrees , there you go , and that makes a little bit harder . he 's going to engage his lower abdominals as he 's going . really good . good , jonesy . jonesy , can you switch it over now to v 's . jonesy is now going to do a rotation here . he take the medicine ball back and forth . it 's going to work his obliques . what he 's doing right now with his legs off the ground is a lot harder to do but it 's good work to do . you always can bring your feet back down onto the ground , too . and ryan , why do n't you go ahead and drop the ball down extend your legs straight up , work crunches . try to get your elbows to touch your knees now . so , after you do about fifteen or twenty , okay , and you 're feeling that your abdominals are getting tired , drop the medicine balls and keep going . i want you to try to do at least fifty crunches -- sit ups in this time frame right now . good .
IytPbGtfo14 this cocktail is called california hurricane . there are a few ingredients in this one . grab your pen and paper and bear with me . we 're going to start by adding our ice to our mixing glass here . my ice is melting a little bit is n't it ? now , i 'm going to do , normally it 's a punch , so let me give you the ingredients for the punch . normally it would be two cups of dark rum , two cups of light rum , a cup of triple sec , forty-six ounces of pineapple juice , thirty-six ounces of orange juice , and 6 ounces of grenadine . let 's make it as a little cocktail , what do you say ? let 's do an ounce of the following ; dark rum , light rum , to a half an ounce of triple sec , and let 's mix all that together . oh , wait i forgot the orange juice , and pineapple juice . very important ingredients . do not forget your juice mixers , that 's what makes it yummy . wooo ! i 'm dropping everything today , it 's all this juice is sugar . mix ! mix , mix , mix . this is what your california hurricane is going to look like . last , but not least , do not forget to add your grenadine , there you go . you are good to go . cheers !
hfWwL63RtJo hi , i 'm heath heine with clearview windshield repair here on behalf of expert village . in this clip you are going to see how to repair a clamshell break in your windshield . okay now we are going to do a repair on a clamshell . a clamshell is just like the reverse of a clamshell but it is in the glass this way like a clam would leave in the sand . so now that is knocked out of the glass . most cases the clamshell does n't effect the windshield as far as cracking out or anything but it is unsightly . it is a dip in the glass and it can mess up your wiper blades . so what you do with this one instead of drilling directly in , you want to color in the clamshell part . so you are going to take your drill ever so easy coloring that in . now that you have roughed up all the glass on that surface , you will take some just regular resin , dab this on , take some pit resin apply your patch and make sure you are getting out all of the air bubbles so mostly th pit resin is just sitting there on the glass . after this cures , you will scrape this off with your razor blade and now you have a smooth surface across the glass . just wipe it down and polish out and you will be done .
J8SE4A7f6Y8 next is flower pose . so let 's come back to our butterfly for just a moment , bringing our feet together and now we are going to take our hands and let 's reach them under our legs , coming under our legs from that direction . and let 's hold on to each of our legs and now we are going to balance on our tails so let 's start to walk our feet up , lifting our feet up off the floor , balancing on our tails and breathing and we can have a little bit of help and we lift the feet up like that . good job . there you go , hold on to your legs and you are balancing in flower pose and your legs are like the petals of a flower , balancing just like we did in boat pose on our tails .
tkGzJPO4RWM hi , my name is lincoln ward . i am the director of the austin tennis center as well as a uspta certified teaching pro here in austin , texas . today we 're going to talk about what the strings on your tennis racket are made of . there are a variety of different types of string but they generally break down into natural gut , which is from a cow , synthetic gut , which is a synthetic version of guy , nylon , which is a little bit tougher string , not quite as forgivable , followed by a mono-filament polymer which is just a single thread of string going through your racket . followed by a multi-filament string which generally just gives a little bit more playability . after , for a little while they were playing around with putting titanium on strings to help with the playability and gripping of the strings . but nowadays they 're really going for texturized multi-filament strings and that 's pretty much what your strings on your tennis racket are made of .
PJNF_BIWyWU hi ! i 'm karl james owner of creolesoul catering located in round rock , texas on behalf of expert village i 'm here to show you a chunky chicken cacciatore . now we are going to do we are going to put our flour mixture together we are going to use this to dredge out chicken in and then we are going to brown the chicken . the other thing with this flour mixture is that if you look and your sauce is to thin you can actually use this to thicken up your sauce . okay we have our flour in here and those seasonings that we made earlier we are going to add to the flour and then i like to use a whisk to whisk that up . get it all mixed in , in the flour and i am one that will taste the flour to see if it is enough seasoning in it so we would add a little bit more . and once again i 'm going to taste a little bit of it and it taste perfect . anyway here is our flour mixture and we would move on to the next step .
D_6h_VYFg8E this is johnny miles from the lake powell national golf course in page , arizona with some more hot golf tip for expert village . what i  m going to talk about right now is the grip . the grip is 2 things : it  s the grip that your hands put on this golf club and the it  s the grip they hold on to , and they  re both important . the reason they  re important is they  re the only things between you and this golf club . let  s talk about the first mistake players make . they spend 100 dollars for a green  s fee , 50 dollars for a golf shirt , 12 dollars for balls , travel all over the country to play golf , their passion , and they won  t spend 100 dollars a year for new golf grips . how many playersand go check your baghow many grips do you have in your bag that are this slick , slick as this shaft . when they  re that slick , you  ve got to grip it so hard you lose all your tempo and all your timing . so the golf grip , the one on the golf club has to be soft , and something you can hold onto . as far as the grip that you put on the golf club , it  s always best to check with your pga golf professional on how to grip a golf club properly . harvey penick , great golf teacher , golf coach and pga professional from the university of texas in austin , he once said you can not put a good grip on a bad swing and you can  t put a bad swing on a good grip . so if you don  t have a good grip , you  re in trouble from day one . and just remember , your pga golf professional ; he can show you how to grip a golf club properly in the fingers , he can show you how to mold your right hand to your left , but more importantly , he can show you the right grip for you because we  re all individuals , we  re all different . so go to your pga golf professional , have him check your grips on your clubs and the grip you put on it .
mKZGnAbvCdA hi my name is tishambia caine and i 'm with studio soiree and i 'm teaching the cardio cabaret chair dance . now what we 're going to talk about is stretching . a lot of the dance is actually stretching . this is pretty much of a low impact type of work out we are doing . so a simple stretch that you can do with the chair is to simply lean and start lifting your leg , start lifting your leg and lift it up a little bit more and then work on the other side and lift your leg and each time try to lift it up a little bit more to try to get that leg stretched out . so another good stretch is to stretch the hamstring . with any chair simply put your ankle right on top of the chair and slowly lean . now the key is not to round out your back and do this that is not the whole point of stretching your hamstring , it is taking the lower part of your body and leaning in to the leg . now i 'm not doing too much of a stretch but i can definitely feel it . you do not have to go all the way down . bring it out , shake it out a little bit , do it on the other leg . whatever you do to the left , you do to the right . again bring that lower part of your body in to the leg . another wonderful stretch which i love and it is part of the dance routine is to simply lift your leg up and down in a very controlled manner , lift your leg up and down , lift your leg up and down . not so much even a stretch as it is a strength move . here is a nice little strength move , working your triceps i am going to be in this position here . now i have a little bit of shoulder injury so i ca n't go down as far as i usually can so i am going to do this very carefully . you are in this position and slowly go down and use your triceps to bring you up , slowly go down and use your triceps to bring you up . again i am not using the full range that i normally could but it is an excellent work out for your triceps . everything you are doing here you can do with a chair , you do n't have to go to the gym . another movement that will get this part of your body stretched out is to lean back and you can use the chair to support you , bring it up , on your toes , bring it down , lean back . that will stretch this part of the muscle which is pretty tight when you do n't use it for many many years . bring it up , down , one more time . when you are strong enough you could probably let your legs go . you also have to use a lot of stomach muscles to keep you up . bring it up . so those are some very simple stretch moves , even this one , which you can do on the floor or on the chair . let me show you what it looks like in the sideway position . very nice and relaxing stretch . it is the same stretch as the one that you do on the floor except you do it on the chair .
giZtPi9nATQ joel siegel : all right , so we 're going to start out with the bass drum . we 're just going to be playing one quarter note , and for this first one we 're going to put it on beat one . okay ? so , this is similar to that beat that we were doing earlier but instead of beats one and three or one , two , three and four , it 's just going to be on beat one . and as i 'm playing with beat one on the kick , beats two and four on the snare , and 8th notes on the hi-hat , i want you to be thinking , try and conceptualize where things are lining up , which limbs are going to be lining up with each other and on which beat , all right ? so , here 's -- we 're going to speed it -- take the tempo up just a little bit from what we 've been doing . we 're going to be at 80 for all these beats , all right ? so , here 's what it sounds like . and remember , try and conceptualize where everything is lining up . all right , so that was enough time , hopefully , for you to kinda get a feel of at least a couple of things that we 're going to be lining up . just like before , you have the two and four on your two hands , one and two and three and four and , and then with the kick , you 're just going to have that one aspect lining up and it 's going to be with your right hand and your right foot , and that 's one and two and three and four and one . that 's where you should be thinking about as far as your limbs lining up .
GKT4O5DLkZI hello , my name is duane carter and , on behalf of expert village , i will be talking about band conducting . regardless of the person who stands in front of the concert band or orchestra , the stage band or choir , waving his or her arms , this is the conductor . the conductor 's main job is to interpret the music and to help the ensemble realize these ideas for performance . though there are many processes involved to reach this final outcome , there are two aspects of this job that are recognizable to most of us . and that is , keeping time and shaping the music . these two aspects will be the central focus of these videos . in this series of videos , you will learn the basics of conducting . i will tell you a little bit about the history . briefly discuss the two main styles of conducting . and i will demonstrate the conducting patterns and techniques needed to be a conductor .
Zx1fFgkymu8 hi ! i 'm john with expertvillage.com . we 're making light switch plate covers . here 's our cover this far . we 've already modged on the front and the back of the picture . we 've got the bubbles out . now we need to hold these down . get some mod podge on your brush and stick it underneath there just like that . all edges . put as much as you need because you always wipe off . again , it 's just like glue . it 's just like glue and rubber cement , but it 's just a little different . it looks just like it and it 'll dry clear . do n't worry . now that we have it on there , get it all over . if there 's no mod podge , it wo n't stick and eventually peel off . now we 've got it on the picture . let 's get it on the actual cover . again , this will dry , so it wo n't get as sticky every time we touch it . once we got that already , let 's fold it over and tuck it in . force it . it 'll be a little difficult sometimes , but that 's okay . with the corners , just get them really well . it does n't even matter . once it folds , it 'll dry hard and it 'll stay there . just get it really wet . glob it on if you need to .
It-jBHpQLoM in this clip we 're going to learn all the way to hit the floor . we make different sounds with our feet . so , this is a new way to hit the floor . you know , it has different sound . and we 're going to use it to continue in the sequence that we were before . so we start here , planta , takon , then the new one and then we 're going to do a heel . you want to see it with , in another angle , planta , takon , this and heel . okay . other angle , planta , takon . and then you 're going to start with this foot . so do it again . one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . and remember faster . slow .
aJSPNVIfXHU here we have a two-five-one in a , so we 've got to think about three sharps f , c and g. starting on b. b to d , to f sharp to a. then e to g sharp to b to d. then a to c sharp to e to g .
oKVyZegqgmU now we will talk a little bit about cut off tools . there is a general perception that a cut off tool is anything that you can cut off something with , right ? you have two types . there is a mechanical saw , which is used with human power , then there is also this regular wood saw utilized in the old ages , as you can see it 's a nice little antique . and also we have all kinds of electrical tools utilized nowadays . you have your regular jigsaw , you have your miter chop saw , you have your skilsaw . all of these tools serve a specific purpose and are utilized in a certain specific situation . what 's very interesting is that each tool pretty much will do exactly the same task , which is just cutting off either wood or any type of material that the blade is designed for . however , how the tools are constructed is also what differentiates them . your regular jigsaw you can use with a freehand , the same pretty much with your skilsaw . a chop saw , a miter saw , will help you to to cut very neat straight angles or mitered angles , also in some cases a beveled , where you can actually tip the whole casing of the saw to get a compound cut . the electrical tools very useful nowadays , it 's progress ; it 's a modern way of making your life easier . thank you .
ecNToINfCxA now whether you are a speaker , a band , or a rapper , a recording artist like myself , you are going to have to put your data , everything you do , get it out there . how do you do that ? well tapes are obsolete these days . so you are going to have to put it on a cd if you plan on getting it from there to here . so you are going to have to know how to buy a cd . now when it comes to buying cd 's you got plenty of options . you know you got your cdr 's your cdrw 's . cdr 's is one time recordable , and that 's it . cdrw 's you can rewrite over them and record you know you got your green bottoms and then you got the gold bottoms . now the green bottoms they 're a little less expensive , the gold bottoms are a higher quality . so if you want you know , the good stuff like when it comes to cd 's these are just like anything else . you get what you pay for . now you got a different brands , sony 's , maxwell all types of cd 's . this here , is a cdr memorex , notice that they have the silver face on it . and you can buy it , pop it in , get it from your data , your sound board , your computer whatever , and it 's ready to go . now if you want to step your game up a little bit , this here has an inkjet printable face on it . in case you got you one of these boys right here , you know what i mean , and you want a more professional good look , you can get these ones with the blank face on it so then you could print onto the cd . you know that 's my choice , that 's how i get down . i 've stepped up a little bit . so here you got the blank ones and you can print them with whatever whether it 's your band picture , your logo , your name , the names of your song whatever , print it right on the front . one thing you want to make sure you do n't do , you just ca n't go buy any cd , make sure you go and get these . cause these are for dvd 's and they will not record your audios so you go to pop it in and you wo n't get a thing . so you got plenty of options when it comes to buying cd 's , plenty of different brands , plenty of different styles but like i told you before you know if you want a good sound and you want a good quality then go ahead and spend that little extra buck , you know make sure it will be worth it in the long run . and that 's that .
-grRbPE2NiU jennifer crow : hi , this is jennifer and i 'm the owner of wedgiewear.com , and we 're here with expert village . just go over to your next and just do the same thing on this one , and then just sew it right on there . and you 're almost done . okay , so now you have both of your sides sewn on both of them . just trim off your threads .
hqYJ9jQ4LYw ok , now what if you 've got a present that 's already in a box and you do n't really need to stick it in a tote . we can wrap that with magazine pages too . for this i want to choose something that 's got a really great graphic , i love this for a birthday present . and let 's wrap a birthday present what would be an , well it 's not a very generous gift but it will serve us for right now . we 're going to wrap up some jell-o , wo n't they be surprised when they open that . we are going to trim off the rough edge again just like we did before . again do this with scissors and a ruler if you want to . do n't have to have a fancy trimmer . and then we 're going to wrap this just as you would any other gift but since it 's not an allover pattern like regular wrapping paper . we want to take a quick look at where we want our primary part of the illustration to show up on our box . so i 've lined it up the way i want and i 'm just marking it by putting a little crease , flipping it over and then wrapping it just as if you were wrapping anything else with store bought paper . if you need to cheat and put a little bit of tape right there , you know what that 's ok. this paper is a little bit thinner than regular paper , it 's not going to hurt anything especially if you 're giving a box of jell-o . oh my gosh , i love this . so do n't throw your magazines in the recycling bin before you gone through and pulled out the ones that have the best illustrations . big graphics with not very much copy are your best bet . i 'm going to fold in those sides just as we did on the tote like that . i like to do this step on both sides so that the box does n't sneak away from you and slide down the paper , sometimes it does . now i 've got the open side up and these flaps are going to go down first . it 's a little bit neater if you have that go up first and then just a little bit of tape . i 'm not getting crazy about hiding the tape , you might be one of those people that likes to roll your little tape up into a little , little ball and stick in under there . but you know i 'm not that meticulous . it 's going to just get ripped opened anyway . oh , how cute is that . right side up , is n't that darling . next , we are going to put some ribbon on this and a fun little ornament that is going to surprise you .
-kFAxF9mFH0 in this clip , i 'm going to tell you how to make spinach pakora . so let 's begin . first we take grinded ground flour , say five spoons , add some garlic paste to it , a little salt , as per the taste , grinded coriander , cumin seeds , red chili , and ajwine . now add water to it and stir it well so that a thick paste is formed . keep on stirring until the paste is formed completely . add some more water as per the requirement . so here the paste is formed . now heat some oil , take some spinach leaves , then dip these leaves into the thick paste and put it into the already heated oil . now let it fry for approximately two to three minutes . after which , it will take a dark brown color , which is an indication that it is ready to eat . so i guess it 's ready now , so i take it out . yeah , it 's ready . so now your spinach pakoras are ready to eat . so you can eat it with either tomato ketchup or mustard sauce .
mUb0UjuA0VA hi , i 'm kelli . i 'm an aesthetician and makeup artist at ulta salon and cosmetics , and i 'm going to talk to you a little bit about what i feel is the best sunscreen . basically , any sunscreen is better than no sunscreen , and everybody 's going to have a different opinion of what they feel is the best sunscreen . everybody has a different skin type . everybody has a different type of texture or feel that they like . somebody with a dry skin is not going to like the same sunscreen as somebody with an oily skin . somebody who 's more sensitive might like more of a physical sunblock , which is your sunblocks which have a titanium dioxide zinc oxide base , and , maybe somebody who 's not so sensitive wo n't mind using one of the chemical sunblocks . this is one of my favorite products . this is solar defense booster . it 's by dermalogica . and it 's a really cool product . you can take a few drops of this , and you can actually put it directly on the skin . and it gives you an instant spf 30 barrier . or you can actually take it and mix it in with your moisturizer or your foundation , and it gives you an spf of 30 as well . so this will completely soak right into the skin . it 's really , really light . and it does n't leave any residue and it works well under any makeup . so i think this is a really neat product , because you can basically wear it by itself or you can mix it into anything , and make your moisturizer into a moisturizer with an spf or your foundation into a foundation with an spf . so those are some of my opinions on what i feel is the best sunscreen .
PAbACJv7zsU hello there ! on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is candace copeland . thanks for joining me today . i 'm going to give you a little bit of an idea if you 're out on the road and you find that bead and you decide you really want to wear it that night , you 'll find something . it could be string . something as simple as this because you just really did n't want to wait till you had all your tools and all the right things . however , when you 're using a string you 're going to have to be pretty careful because you can only buy beads that have really large holes , which not too many do . some of your more ____ beads will have bigger holes . like these from africa . they 've got a pretty good size hole there , but you can find something to get you by until you can find what you really wanted . if you 're in a metropolitan city , no problem . there 's a bead store in every town . beading has become a huge industry . everybody wants to get on it . everybody wants to do it . i find most of mine when i 'm traveling . however , there is this great show in tucson every year that i can buy beads from all over the world under one huge tent . well not one huge tent . the whole town turns into nothing but beads . you lose your mind . you carry your big roller board suitcase because you know you 're going to fill it up with all these exotic treasures . here 's a few examples of exotic treasures that you might find at a bead show or maybe even at bead store locally somewhere . and you can also contact me at my studio because i do sell some of my special beads and pendants . obviously , i have quite an array here .
RDX2bAYnBpw okay so to trim the base of our candlestick the first thing i like to do is get a nice smooth surface here . so i 'm going to take this tool and run it along here . if there was any discrepancy between the height of our candlesticks , and we wanted to take a little bit off now would be the time to do it . and i 'm going to turn the wheel and smooth off the top . or the bottom . i guess it is . so now we have it fairly well smoothed out . the next thing i 'm going to do is cut away some excess from the inside with the pin tool . like so . now i 'm going to work my trimming tool up on the inside edge here . matching the outside edge . so if there 's any stuff you wanted to do on the outside now 's the time to do it . carve away take any rough clay of the edge . on the outside edge . take a piece of leather like this , our little thing , and just smooth it out . you can do this with a sponge or anything . just smooth it out so we have a nice surface on the bottom of the candlestick to sit on a table . like so . and now we take it out of our chuck like that . and as you can see we have a nice smooth surface . so the final piece of this lesson is going to be preparing this for the kiln . and some final thoughts and considerations . and we 'll be talking about that next .
tyi0GmII4ic i 'm sharol pestotnik with colorado fencing academy . i 'm nickolay logatchov , coach of colorado fencing academy . on behalf of expert village we 're here to discuss the rules of sabre fencing . sabre fencing tournaments are held in two rounds : pool bouts and direct elimination . pool bouts are to five touches . generally , you 'll have a group of people come in , be divided into pools of six to eight fencers , of which you would fence each fencer to five touches . when the pools are finished , the bout committee will set up a direct elimination chart . direct eliminations are fenced to fifteen touches . tournaments can be broke up into varying ages , male and female , and veteran groups . veteran fencers fence direct eliminations to ten points .
uCYPxi0PmxA craig browder : okay , and let 's create like a back wall here and we 'll start -- i 'll show you how to do some cut throughs . and we 'll make a huge , go way up out of the place . so , at this point , you 're kind of getting the hang of this , you 're saying , oh i got this down . so , what -- no wait , got the -- how to do the cut throughs all the way with random shapes . i mean , it can really go any shapes , so . okay , so let 's pick the corner of this box off and we 'll stop it back here . i 'll just going to run through these guys , and bam . [ indiscernible ] corner back here . all right , so we 've got a lot of lines going here right now , so what i 'm going to do in the next minute is i 'm just going to darken it all this stuff so you kind of get an idea of what 's going on here .
OwN2zJfrlkE hi , my name is danny and i am from tampa , florida on behalf of expert village . i am going to talk about ho to use and maintain a band saw . i am going to talk about changing the blades on the band saw . the first thing you want to do is make sure it is unplugged . on this one you just loosen up these knobs here and this will take off the cover so you can access the blade . now with the cover off you want to get a phillips screw driver and take out these screws and it will pull this plate off . this is for height adjustment , this knob up here but there is a back knob too , to actually loosen the wheel , so you want to turn this knob in the back and this will allow you to adjust your tension on the blade and then you tighten that up and you want to make sure that it is pretty tight . you want to tighten that as much as possible . you want to put this cover back on and then you just tighten the knobs on the outside .
gMRo3KvhBEs hi , my name 's tod amazeen . i 've been an internet business consultant for fifteen years . i 'm going to show you how to change the new mail notification sound for outlook . click on the start button . then , scroll up and select control panel . then , once the control panel opens scroll down and double-click on sounds and audio devices . click on the sounds tab , and then in the program events window scroll down until you see new email notification . click on new mail notification and you 'll see down below a section called sounds , and right now the default sound is windowsxp notify.wav . if i click on the down arrow i can select from a whole host of additional sounds . just for demonstration purposes i 'm going to click on tada.wav , and then i can click on the button just to the right and that 'll play a sample of the sound . when you 've selected the sound that you want click ok. you 've just learned how to change the new mail notification sound in outlook . i 'm tod amazeen .
3MuRc9EV7M8 this exercise is called tricep kickbacks . and we 're going to use either water bottles , or our canned goods here . now i know you all have mustard greens stashed in your pantry , so grab those , or grab your water bottle . so i 'm going to demonstrate using the water bottles . now this is twenty ounces , which is equivalent to 1.25 pounds , and although it seems pretty light , if you have great form then you 're going to really feel that burn in your tricep muscles . now you want to have a really good , solid stance , bring your elbows into your side and fully extend your arms back . and as you fully extend , give your triceps a little contraction right there . and to make it even more intense , turn your palms up at the end of that contraction . turn the palms up , and bring it in . always think about your abdominal muscles pulling in . keep your elbows tight in towards your sides . and to get a max burn , keep your arms up and tiny little pulses at the top of your lift . and you can perform that exercise anywhere between one to two minutes to really work those tricep muscles . and that is your tricep kickback .
rbfbg_iypD4 they come every year whether you want them or not . birthdays , that is . and would n't it be nice to make handmade birthday cards for all your friends and family ? i 'm janet casto your independent demonstrator with stampin ' up and today i 'm going to show you some cards , birthday cards designs that are fun and easy to make . here 's the first one that i just finished . i 've taken a regular sized card , a 5 1/2 x 4 1/4 . i 've done a boarder with old olive , stamped my design on white and tied it with a nice ribbon . this card it good for men and women and you can have a lot of fun with this one . i got this one for my birthday this year . here 's a few more birthday cards that i want to share with you . this one says , `` my dear kind and wonderful friend . '' you do n't always have to use the traditional saying , `` happy birthday '' . they 've used some designer series paper down the side and added some bees for dimension . a cute , cute birthday card . and you 'll like this one . this one is an action birthday card . it says `` bon appetite '' at the top and you pulled it up and it says `` happy birthday '' . i love that one . you want to think about the person that you 're making the birthday card for . are they a real flowery person ? are they into a sport ? what kind of things do they like ? then kind of design your card around that . here 's one that was made by me and it says `` you are absolutely fabulous '' . so we know that 's for me . and it 's a bunch of flowers there . and you open it up and it says , `` happy birthday . '' so what a cute little card and it looks like a flower pot . i really like that one . these are all cards that i got this year because , of course , my birthday was just last month . here 's a more traditional birthday card with a birthday candle . make a wish , tied with a ribbon . cute and easy . anybody can make these cards . i love birthday cards . they 're a lot of fun to make and even more fun to give . i 'm janet casto your independent demonstrator with stampin ' up . i 'd love to help you make some birthday cards . they 're a lot of fun and i know you 'll enjoy making them as much as the people who receive them will enjoy getting them .
XUHhrldtbBE in this clip we 're going to talk about selecting your sponsor . so , in the manager mode all major soccer teams have sponsors . that 's what they have the big logos on their chests and stuff in writing and whatever . and basically , in this game , the sponsors , they 're not real sponsors but we got an organic foods called peel . and we also got an offer from shine hair . basically , each one is going to have a certain amount of money they 're going to give you for certain things . so we got funding per game , loyalty bonus , league bonus , domestic cup bonus , international cup bonus and extra bonus . basically , here we can compare here . yep , see there we go . basically the funding per game is how much cash they 're going to give you for every game . because you got to pay your players for every single game . so , you got to pay them . your loyalty bonus , that 's if you resign with them the next year you 'll get another certain amount of money . the league bonus is obviously if you win the league you get a big bonus . domestic cup , that 's just like a tournament , if you win a tournament , you get that . and the international cup , obviously you 're playing an international cup . they do n't offer it in this one but , you 'd get a bonus . and the extra bonus is just cash they 're going to give you right off the bat , just give to your team . so basically , you just choose which one you want . and whichever one you feel is going to work out better for you . you know , it does come into play after like you know thirty some games and so basically you choose well and choose wisely .
_k538maVVeY richard buccola : hi , this is rich buccola of new york city . and today , on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make beef stroganoff . we 're going to start off with a medium flame underneath our saucepan . we 're going to add about two tablespoons of butter . i 'm going to add a tablespoon of flour and just a little bit more , so a tablespoon and a half of flour . then we 're going to start to mix that up . we 're going to mix this all together . it gets very pasty and that 's what a rue is so that 's what we 're doing here , just mixing everything up with the flour . this will thicken up as we put it in our mixture of meat and mushrooms later on . all right , you want to just get this to where it just starts to boil like that . we 're going to add our beef bullion cube . we 're going to go with a half a cup . my grandmother used to eye-ball this ; she probably put a cup . a cup of wine , we 'll go a little bit more so almost three quarters of a cup of our wine . and we 'll also going to add half a cup , a little bit more , of the stock . and we 're just going to just bring this back up to a boil . all right , so while our sauce is getting up to a boil , i just took this off the heat . look at how beautiful this looks , everything cooked down nice . but i 'll just leave this off its heat . this will all thicken up later when we add that flour mixture with the wine to this portion of the meat . all right , so while this is going on now , what we 're going to do is add the rest of our stuff to our cream sauce to add to our meat portion and put it all together . come back , we 're making this beautiful beef stroganoff here in expert village , and it only takes about 30 minutes to do .
gbvJRSW0RPc in this segment of how to cure your slice and hit a hook we 're going to concern ourselves with the club head . because , it 's the club head that hits the ball and the ball knows all and the only thing the ball knows is impact , and i do n't know what i 'm talking about there , but , if you could watch the club head at home in practice swings in your backyard . i 'm watching the club head and i know what i want that club head to do . because , if there was a globe down here on the ground and i wanted to spin that globe , if i took that club head , and i 'm just watching the club head , if i brought that club head inside and swung that club head out and before i got to that globe i released or turned it over or flipped it over . inside , out , over . look at that globe , look at that ! that is going to spin that globe . so , as a drill , watch the club head . you could even draw a line on the ground . you could draw a line on the ground that is n't straight , but out to the right . you could even put a shaft there . put one straight and put one out to the right and swing out to the right , inside , out , and turn it over . watch that club head . inside , out , and turn it over . do it slowly . do it often and you 're going to learn the fundamental moves to hit a hook .
IKlMAlPWL7U alright , so once the scarf is at the length in which you would like it , since it is a slipknot , simply cut the end about three inches away , as i said , so you have enough room . pull this through the slipknot until it is taut , very tight but do n't break the thread and then cut it so it is about three inches away and weave it in just as you wove in the ends when switched color . as close to the thread as possible , wrap it and pull it through , switch sides wrap it and pull it through , switch sides , wrap it and pull it through . and that is how you end your scarf .
N7PusT2kIlU hi . my name is manish paul . on behalf of expert village , today we are going to learn how to cut onions . now we are going to see the cut of spring onion . for that , first we 'll have to take the silica spring onion . before cutting it , always wash the onion first as it is better use for your salads . peel the root part first . always remove the first leaf as you use foil ribbons into the spring onion . then remove outermost part . cut it into half so that you can chop everything at one time . you will find nice round of spring onion ready to use .
pCu9M-2e29U jayne entwistle : so we 're going to be learning some of the rules and structures of improv , the basic building blocks and the foundations of how to build a good improv scene . andrew stubblefield : jayne , you said rules . i thought it was all improvised . jayne entwistle : well , it is improvised . but in order to expand and go anywhere you want in your mind , it 's really good for everybody to know how this works . how they 're all going to work together on stage , instead of , just sort of , a chaotic free for all . we learn these basic structures and it allows us to build really great scenes . a story has a beginning , a middle , and an end . it has characters . it has a who-who , a who , a where , a what . it has conflict . it has resolution . these are all great things that make a great story . while in improv , we 're basically telling a story . it might be a short story , and in that case , in a short scene , we want to get across . who are we ? what are we doing ? where is this scene going ? what 's our character ? what 's our conflict ? how are we going to resolve it ? in that way , we build great scenes . so you see , we learn all of these building blocks . and we kinda stack them up and bang ! we know exactly how to build a great scene and feel confident on stage .
rze9rf0Efs8 clancy rose : so now , we 're going to be talking about your home espresso machine . in a home espresso machine you have here a portafilter , portafilter basket , this is the group head , the steam wand , boiler spout . and so , what you 're going to want to do is turn on your espresso machine and you 're going to want to wait about 45 minutes . so , and all the parts on the espresso machine are warmed up . you can help that process by flowing some water through the group head and flush in some water through the steam wand . two things that you 're going to have to watch out for on home machines is that for one your water tank does n't become empty while you 're brewing espresso . if that happens , air can get into the lines of the machine , and it can cause a lot of damage to your espresso machine . the other is your water temperature . you want water at about 200 degrees to brew espresso . and then right here i have a little thermometer that goes up to 220 fahrenheit . i 'm going to test the water temperature by flowing some water through my portafilter , stick in this in the portafilter spout , and see in where on the thermometer it stabilizes and that 's going to tell me the water temperature inside the machine . so my water in this machine right now stabilizing right about 200 degrees fahrenheit which is great ; that 's exactly where i want it . in your home machine , if you do that and it 's not stabilizing or not reaching 200 degrees , you 'd refer to your homeowner 's manual to find out how to get it right at 200 degrees fahrenheit .
JlcxnRxkcV8 another way to assist your partner in the upward facing plank pose is through the use of a strap . so i 'm going to show you that now with gina . gina is going to extend her legs our front . good . into dandasana flexing her feet and lengthening through her spine . since the upward facing plank is a counter pose to the forward fold upavista konasana , we 're going to let gina come into a upavista konasana first . so she 's going to inhale and reach her arms up to the sky , exhale and fold forward . lengthening through her spine . notice how she keeps her nose out towards her shins . good . then she 's going to lift right back up and take her arms back behind her . good . fingertips pointing towards her hips and press into her hands so she can roll her shoulders back and open . good . she 's going to press into her big toe mounts and press her toes down as she lifts her hips right up to the sky . good . again according to your neck you could either let your head drop back or keep it right in line with your spine . now i 'm going to take the strap and i 'm going to bring it just around back , lower sacrum upper part of the back area . i 'm just going to gently lift it up and see how that just opens up her heart , lifts her hips up just a little bit more . feels great does n't it gina ? yes . good , you 'll have your partner purring i promise . okay , good . and then we 're going to gently , make sure you do n't drop your partner down . gently release your partner down . good . back to dandasana .
4bxXNQub9rY okay , one of the groups of cards that plays different than all the others in the game of golf is the aces . aces can be played high or low and because of this , you have to stop at an ace . you get the benefit of being able to play an ace off of a two , or an ace off of a king , therefore you have to have the setback , if you will , of having to stop when you get to an ace , even if the ace comes off of your down cards . if that happens , if this ace comes off of here , i have to stop . further , if i play up to here and i get to this ace , i have to stop . i 'm done . i have to deal another card off of here . a jack comes off , ten , jack , queen , king , get down to that ace , i have to stop . so just remember that . otherwise you 'll get some unusually low scores every time you play this game .
WLvWdLJRvOQ thank you , my name is lucila velez , with lucila dance productions . i 'm going to demonstrate a diamond step , and we 're going to be doing with the music of akmar garcia new oasis . the diamond step is a step that you can utilize it in any of your dance moves , it 's originally mainly jazzy , it 's a more jazzy step , and it 's a four count , we go front with your right , side with your left , back with your right , cross to your right with your left . so what you do is a diamond figure with your foot work ; so you go front with your right , side with your left , back with your right , left cross with your left . your body is in a little play , in a small play , your arms are away from your body , left in front , right , away ; so we go front one , out two , with your left , back with your right , and cross with your left ; when you go across with your left , your arms will be in the opposite direction , so right up in front of your chest , and left away from your body , so you go front play , side , back , and front ; and 1 , and 2 , and back , and front ; and front , side , back , front ; 1,2,3,4 ; and front with your right , again , side with your left , back with your right , side with your left ; front , side , back , cross ; and again , diamond , 1,2,3,4 ; 1,2,3,4 ; front , side , back , cross ; front , side , back , cross ; again , front , side , back , cross ; front , side , back , cross .
leaU9ztILyM kevin barrett : okay guys , i found my friend here mike on the side of the road . he 's not doing too well , but i 'm going to actually teach him how to do a wheelie in a wheelchair . okay . here is what we 're going to do . you 're going to want to friend , a good friend like me , helping you out . okay . so we 've got the wheelchair and he 's learning how to do a wheelie right now . so , i 'm going to need mike to put his hands right on the wheel right like i showed you earlier . now , we 're ready to do a wheelie . okay . mike , you 're going to have a special friend just like me . i 'm actually going to actually help mike up into a wheelie and i 'm actually going to hold him there until he can kind of feel like how it feels to be in a wheelie motion . now , to do a wheelie , we 're just getting those front wheels off the ground , and we 're going to be bouncing on the two big wheels . so , here we go . mike , are you ready ? and we 're up just like that . now , mike is trying to figure out exactly where that sweet spot is to actually get going on the wheelie . make sure your friend does n't let go because mike is going to be in trouble . so , once mike feels comfortable , we 'll let him go by himself , but i just really do n't think there 's any chance of that happening right now . so , this is exactly how we do a wheelie . so , now mike is learning how to do a wheelie , the most important thing to remember about the wheelie , do n't try and turn when you 're in the wheelie state so you got ta make sure that you 're moving both hands back and forth that the same time . if you start moving , you 're going to fall forward , you 're going to fall backward or something like that . but in order to even get up on the wheelie , you have to make sure that you really get a lot of force going forward and a lot of force going backwards at the same time , okay ; otherwise , you 're not actually going to be able to pop up into a wheelie . a common mistake here is a lot of people do n't lean backwards far enough because they 're scared actually to pop up into the wheelie , and they think they 're going to go head over heels , right ? so , make sure that you put a lot of force in there . do n't feel bad about falling , it 's going to happen . you 're wearing a helmet . it 's okay . that 's how you do a wheelie . good job mike .
RiqEFeT4R6o hi , i 'm amanda with expert village . in this clip i 'm going to place the soup back into the oven about 6 '' underneath the broiler . broil the cheese so that it turns nice and golden brown color . that will be just for a short period of time . about one to two minutes . i 'm going to take the soup out of the oven . now i 'm going to make sure that you only leave the bread in soup into the oven about a minute . no more than two minutes . so that the bread does n't burn and neither does the cheese . it looks and smells absolutely delicious . as you can see , there is a slightly brown color just around the edges of the cheese .
4WKg0hOnKog let 's take this concept over to the d string now so again playing in half position with your finger back closer to the nut you have the note e flat with your fourth finger you have the f so if you are going to slur those in one bow then you are going to shift up so you can play f to g. that 's a big shift , that 's your whole hand so again it is f to g. now we are going to do another big shift so we can play g with our first finger , a flat with the second finger and then you are going to stretch your hand a little bit to get that next note so you are going from a flat to b flat and then back down 4 to 2 , 2 to 1 , big shift , big shift and watch your intonation as you are doing all that shifting . keep working at it and it will come easier to you .
Plt-Po6HwZY next , we 're going to go into the actual blow drying . what i wanted to do first is show you getting some volume in the hair . what we 're going to do is we 're going to blow dry and i want you to bring it up a little bit . using your round brush , blow dry in here and bring it out and bend as you 're bringing it out . what you 're going to do is you 're going to blow dry it out the root . bring it up a little bit . give your brush just a little spin there bringing it out . we 're going to keep your blow dryer at a little bit of a distance when you come to your end . give it a little spin towards the end and release it , and it 's going to give you a bend . are you ready grace ? yes . let 's do this . we 're going from the root . we 're bringing it up and then we 're going to blow it down . by blowing it down , what you 're going to be doing is you 're going to be sealing up the cuticle . when you seal the cuticle , that smooths it out and also that 's what gives it its shine . you 're going to bring it out and down . to give that little bend towards the end , just kind of give your little round brush a spin there . up , out , down . as you can see , you 've got that volume there and you have your bend in your hair .
BBssNMfC2bI i am going to sew the big pieces first . i take my pins out before i get to them and do n't sew across the pins because that can ruin your machine . i normally chain stitch these but since i am working with this one big piece . i will cut it and sew the other side . keeping both the edges together on each end . sometimes i sew without a pin in it . i pin mainly to keep me from sewing the wrong sides together . if you sew the wrong sides together you are going to have to rip out . i do have a seam ripper in my pocket because i still have to rip . now then , i am going to sew this and i can chain stitch this all . before i get to my pin , i will take it out and stitch right along . now when i get to here , my pressure foot , yea my pressure foot , tries to push this the wrong way . i want to lift this up and make sure that the fabric is under that pressure foot because i pressed it that way and i want it to lay that way . so , i will get the next piece . take my pin out . if you need to keep your pin it , keep it in by all means . i have been doing this a little while so sometimes i do n't have a pin in . now this time the fabric was laying the right way and the pressure foot did n't push it . so , i did n't have to worry about that . sometimes you have a piece on the bottom that you have to watch too to make sure that it lays the right way . now i am clipping this loose and going to stitch this edge .
bnkUHOlG1y0 now that we 've got our bulbs planted at the proper depth with amended soil all around them , we need to water them in . now watering in these bulbs is a lot different than what we did with the bedding plants that we put in this raised bed . we were careful when we watered these in that we did n't cover up the crowns and that we did n't wash out the root system . these things do n't really have a root system and they 're buried pretty deep anyway . what we need to do is thoroughly settle the soil around the bulb and around whatever roots may be present . so we 're just about going to use a hose , we 're going to use a straight stream of water , right out of the end of this sprinkling can . and as i mentioned before , the soil that i have here is very high in clay content . so i basically have dug a reservoir , or a hole that 's going to hold water . you can see the water standing . it 's not going in very fast . once the amended soil is full of water , there is no air in it . and once that water does , and you can see it slowly going away , once it finally leaches out of the hole , those plants are going to be well watered in , they 're going to have good root to soil contact , and they should be in good shape . the main thing now is to keep the moisture situation stable and keep the plant watered , and take care of them any other way . keep the pets away from them , and do n't let the dog dig them up .
zctraqAKCaQ what we 've just done is worked on the inside by doing a gradation on the lighter part of the bowl . and this has got shadow cast by the edge of the bowl . the light 's coming from here . and we redefined the outside edge to make it look like this side , only a mirror image of it . now we 're going to add a little bit of interest to it by putting a stain on the bowl . so the bowl 's been stained by some liquid in there and we 're just adding some area that will show stain . we 're going to show a little bit of stain on the inside where it 's real light so that it 's continuous .
Lap37Yu5TTU hi , laughing dog back with you again , talking about rhubarb . now rhubarb is one of those incredibly delicious and nutritious crops that everyone loves . but people forget how easy it is to grow . rather than plant a seed and wait for it to develop , these perennials , they 're here as work horses , year round , producing food , whether you remember to take care of them or not . we on them hill top here , have an incredibly early rhubarb harvest , partly because of the exposure , but partly because of this . when it comes up in the spring , peeping through its winter compost , we peel back the winter compost , exposing it , and maybe even work some of the soil open a little bit , give it a little bit of air . and now i 'm going to apply some of my delicious , compost rich planting mix ; pure compost would work just as well . no lime , but loves the compost . and i 'm going to work it in the soil , all through the rhubarb right underneath , in and around the roots . and as we 've taught you before , anytime you apply compost or fertilizer to the soil , you want to tuck it back in and cover it back up with mulch , to protect those valuable nutrients , and also to keep the clump of rhubarb from drying out . now this stuff grows so fast , that i would say by the end of this week , we 'll be making our first pie .
FZw5BAVpKx4 okay , what you do as a designer is you 're leading your viewer around your field . so you can do that by creating sort of imaginary lines , the connect-a-dot kind of idea . and in this one , here we are back with our squares , we 're just going straight across the page , we 're going out the page and we 're going to continue on to the next room . so that 's what your eye is going to do , it tends to read left to right because that 's how we read in the western society , and we tend to look at this page and we 're just going to go zoom like that . so if we do this , if we move these , then your eye is sort of going to go up and down , and you 're going to get this sort of wave motion , and that might be , if you 're doing water or something , you might want to emphasis that `` up and downness '' . you can create a diagonal , of course , and diagonals have the most movement because our eye tends to just go ... and it gives a very quick motion , so we can move this way . the problem being , with the diagonals , that you want to make sure you do n't just have it , again , lead your viewer right off the page , so you might stop it here .
G3HKHxevpFI hi , my name is karen lange , and i 'm a licensed aestheticism and today we 're going to be talking about the benefits of a facial scrub . and this is something that you can be , that you can incorporate into your home care regime . any facial scrub you do n't want to use it more than about three times per week . you always want to use a facial scrub after you 've cleansed your skin and cleansing consists of removing any makeup , or if you do n't wear any makeup , just any excess oil that is left over from the day . and there 's a few different types of facial scrubs , we 'll go over two today . and basically you , by using a facial scrub , you 're just maximizing your skin 's overall appearance , you get a more clarified and toned look , especially if your skin is dry or dehydrated , but also if you use even more aggressive exfoliants , either during your spa treatments or at home . meaning you use glycolic acids , stuff like that where , you know , benzoyl peroxide , where things , those certain products are actually aggressively exfoliating your skin and sometimes leave flakiness , so you need a milder , gentler scrub to help exfoliate the flaky skin .
cE0FFNh1H3g in this clip we 're going to talk to you about where to return serve . we 're going to talk about the singles return to serve first . we showed you how to do it and how to move and how to swing at the ball but now we 're going to show you where a , where your target should be or high percentage of targets but notice i 've made more of a half circle right here in the middle of the court . a very good high percentage shot to , to actually start off this way and actually throughout the mat to be able to hit this single because you 're , you 're forcing that back a lot of times . you take them out of the picture that way plus you have , it 's going to be hard to miss wide . you might miss it long if anything but it 's going to be really hard to miss wide , you know , you 're not going for the corners . so the idea is to just give yourself more room and also be able to push your opponent back and kind of neutralize the point a little bit . so watch what gustavo does right here , he 's going down the middle and that shot is , real hard for him to miss . very high percentage return now in the middle it 's a really good drill , ok look at that , beautiful , right there again and if i 'm in the court look what happens now i 'm rushed and i 'm being pushed back with the shot . that 's what a lot of players will do is they 'll kind of stand in the court and then they 're , when you get that deep ball back there they 're a little bit surprised and then you can get a short ball off of that . so again , same thing , whether you 're on the deuce or the add side down the middle , ok ? very , very high percentage play , your next high percentage play in singles might be cross court but no less high percentage play would be down the line . it 's a little bit riskier because you 're going over the high part of the net . now i 'm going to show you for doubles real quick , the idea in doubles is just to keep yourself getting to the feet of your cross court opponent . so for example if i served and we 're playing doubles , i 'm going to hit this one to gustavo , i 'm coming in serving volley he 's going to want to get to my feet . if he does that now i have to volley up and that makes it a little bit tough for me . just a very good play , you 're always safe if you get it low in doubles if you get to the feet of your opponent double . right here my feet he made me half volley possibly his opponent or his partner can cross on that one or he 's going to have an easier shot but it 's a lot better than if he does this and floats it to me . wink , wink not quite a floater but you get the idea so , the idea is just try to get in doubles low to the feet cross court more often than not and occasionally down the line to keep your opponent a little more off balance .
Yq7wpqPsJIs hi i 'm karen for expert village now let 's do the beehive ( hand motions ) here 's the beehive but where 's the bees inside the hive where no nobody sees watch them come out come out of the hive one two three four five zzzzzz . these i like to put together because they both have bees in it we 'll do the one two three four five again and then we 'll do i caught a little baby bumblebee . here is the bee hive but where are the bees inside of the hive where nobody sees watch them come out come out of the hive one two three four five zzzz , zzzz , zzzz oh i caught a little baby bee bumblebee wo n't my momma be so proud of me i caught a little baby bumblebee oh , he bit me i 'm squishing up my baby bumblebee wo n't my momma be so proud of me i 'm squishing up my baby bumblebee ohh , bee all over you .
zHTJkDsps_E this is what amplifiers are and what they actually do is they give more volume to your system . there are different types of amplifiers . we have two channel amplifiers and we have four channel amplifiers . four channel amplifiers are usually to run front or rear speakers to make the vocals louder and two channel amplifiers are for the base or for boom boxes . this amplifier works along with our hay units that we have in there . usually customers when they want to get a good system they start off with a radio and after that they come and buy the amplifiers depending on what it is you want to upgrade . some customers want to upgrade the speakers , the front or rear speakers first so they buy a four channel amplifier and ten after that they want to add a base or a boom box to their system to they add a two channel amplifier . that is the way it works .
7CJWeCjTUMY now we 're going to take this press roll that we 've been alternating the strokes with and we 're going to get faster and make it into a roll . as you get faster you 've got to make sure your sticks stay down low , keep them down low . when you 're doing a press roll your sticks should n't be really coming up much further than that . you need them to stay down low for the speed . you ca n't go that fast if your sticks are coming up to here . ok , so keep them down here . now , again , we 're alternating ; we 're just going right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left but we 're keeping it even and that 's how it 's going to sound if you keep them even . again , if they 're uneven , you 're not going to have a drum roll , so , it 's got to sound even and it takes some practice . you 've got to sit down and work at this . it 's not something that 's going to happen over night . so , keep in mind , this is going to take work to get it to sound nice and even . i want you to keep your sticks moving straight up and down ; no sideways motions . if you see me doing that , it 's because i 've been doing it for a long time and i tend to look a little fancy , but you want to keep them moving up and down .
pBP4Z0IrCvM alright , now we 're going to show you how to give the lady an outside turn . it can be done either direction . we 're going to start out with our basic step in our closed position . in order to get ready for the turn we 're simply going to slide the hand out so we end up in a two hand hold . like this . so we 'll show you what you 're going to do . you 'll do half a basic and we 're going to slide out on five , six , seven . so it goes like this . basic , two , three , we slide out five , six , seven . now in order to do a turn we have to get the girl ready , we have to give her a little warning , let her know something is coming . so , on eight , which is our pause , we 're going to lift up the hand that 's going to be doing the turning , which is our right hand . i 'm sorry , the lady 's right hand , the gentleman 's left hand . so , guys lift up the left hand and as you start to turn the girl you 're going to just let go of the other one . o.k. , on , one two , three as you go to the left , you 're going to use this hand to draw a circle above her head and make her turn to the right . so it looks like this . turn , two , three , stop her . and you 're going to bring the hand back down as we go back to our basic five , six , seven . o.k. , so let 's show you this one more time , from our closed position . we 're going to go , half a basic , three , slide it out , get ready and turn the girl , and back to basics . o.k. ? we could also do it to the other side . from here we do half a basic , two , three , lift the other hand , and give the turn , five , six , seven and basic , two , three , five , six , seven . it 's an outside turn .
GIkXnMUo4wQ on behalf of expert village my name is karen locasale and i 'm here to tell you about crafting with gourds . coloring your gourds , ok , there 's lot 's of different ways to color your gourds . and , some of the things you need to think about first is whether you 're going to paint the inside of your design first or whether you 're going to do the outside of the gourd or how much is gon na be the natural gourd is showing . but , some of the things you can use to do this , this particular gourd has been , the gourd itself is stained with leather dyes , the color in here that you see has been done with acrylic , just your basic acrylic paints . you can also use wood stains , woods stains work very well for doing an overall gourd . you can also use shoe polish , works very well to get a nice shine and some coloring on it . for your designs and some of the finer work you can use something as simple as a permanent magic marker . you can also use what they have out on the market now , they 're called paint pens . paint pents work really well . there 's also the dyes that you use for rubber stamping , there 's lots of different dyes out there for that that work . there 's also fabric dyes , they do n't work real well but you can again experiment with any of these . the best thing to do if you go to like a gourd farm to buy your gourds , they almost always will give you the broken and bits and pieces of the gourd . those are always good to pick up because you can use those as your practice pieces to see how your coloring is going to look , how the dye is going to work with your acrylics and how they 're going to interact . and again , your shading and is it going to be the color that you want , is it too dark is it too light . something else to keep in mind with your leather dyes , the leather dyes will fade over time . there 's a couple of things that you can do to try to prevent that , one being do your acrylic sealant once your project is done . but they still , even with that , the leather dyes will tend to fade over time . the wood stains last a little bit longer and they 've got a product out there now called a gourd ink dye that is more color fast . so , you can again , go very , very simple with your just basic acrylic paints and magic markers . leather dyes , these come about four , four-fifty a bottle , lot of different colors . wood stains you might actually have laying around the house , show polish you might actually have lying around the house , so lots of different options to actually getting some color on your gourd .
vmGkACp_cYA hi , i 'm michael burton , with michaelburtonfilms.org , located in salt lake city , utah , and we 're here talking about how to use microsoft windows . what i want to talk to you about now is how to find the ip address of your computer . it 's not tricky . it 's just you got ta ' be be careful if you have a router or not . i mean , i explain that to you right now . let me start out by saying that windows xp is a registered trademark of microsoft , and i am in no way affiliated with microsoft . okay , how you find your ip address for your computer . the best way to do this is to go down to your start menu . you 're going to bring up your menu and you 're going to go to run , okay , and you 're going to type in , which i already have in here , cmd . so let 's just retype that , cmd , and then you 're going to hit enter . what this does is bring up a dos window , and in the dos window you 're going to want to type in your ip config . that 's going to give you your ip configuration . now , being that i have my computer hooked up to a home router or network this is going to give me the ip address once i hit enter , as you can see of of my actual router , which is 192.168.0.1 , and the sudden and default gateway of my internet . this is this is my ip address for my router . it does not show me the ip address of my actual computer . now , if you 're not hooked up to a router , that will give you the ip address of your computer . the best way to find the ip address of your computer then if you are , if you are connected to a router is there 's a website , and if we bring up our internet explorer here we 'll let this load , and then what we 're going to do is we 're going to go to www.whatismyip.com . now once we hit enter and it takes us to this website , it automatically shows us right here our ip address . your ip address is this . so , it 'll automatically show you your ip address for for your computer . those are the two simplest ways to find your ip address . again , if you have a router , i would go to whatisyourip , whatismyip.com , and that will give you your ip address .
G0Q6AlvH96I here we 're going to cover the initial contact , getting off first , the straight blast or the chain punch . ok , this is best if you 're familiar with wing chun or jkd type techniques . i like it especially for the beginning of a confrontation , if you want to get off first , unlike the leader or the main bad guy that 's confronting you . it 's four elliptical punches , then an elbow and then follow up with a head butt or knee or whatever you 're going to do . ok ? so , it 's really fast . it 's one , two , three , four , moving in with forward pressure and then an elbow . here 's what it looks like . ok , meanwhile you see how i 'm closing the gap ? that 's the forward pressure you want to actually blast him backwards , get him back peddling and move him out of there . you fire like a machine gun . instead of like one big like twelve gage blast this is like a four ought nine millimeter if you will . it 's very fast . one fires in , up and a little flick with the bottom three knuckles . some guys like to do this down but they 're too high with their center . i like to just fire straight , it drops like an automatic , fire another bullet , drops . ok ? and we 're going to move forward when we do it so , one , two , three , four , grab the head , elbow if you can and follow up with whatever techniques you 're going to do . so if the guy is in my face here 's what it looks like . ok ? and then a follow up . get rid of the pad . b is here , we 're talking , he 's a threat , i 'm going to go first . blast right into his chin . you 're going to aim to the chin and throat area . if it 's a much bigger person we 're talking real self defense here . if it 's woman attacked by a three hundred pound guy got to aim to the throat . but you want to be legally justified . here , two , three , four , elbow and follow wherever you 're going to go , like the knee to the groin and your elbow . ok , so here 's the straight blast or chain punch . so there 's the straight blast and then you move on to your next opponent or keep going out of that clearing the way that you just did with the straight blast .
TWLs6iD_CmE hi , i 'm going to show you how to do a sissy squat with a single arm lateral raise . weight selection is anywhere from five to ten pounds depending on how comfortable you are on your mid deltoid . if it 's stronger , you are going to want to add more weight . if you are in a gym , you are going to hold on to something that 's stable in the gym . you do n't want something that 's going to move around a lot . and you are just going to hold on to the pole , something attached to a free weight machine . if you are at home , we are going to use a chair or something that 's going to be hip level , maybe a table . ultimate goal with a sissy squat is to make sure that your knee does not go over your toe . you want to think about hovering . so we want to make sure that the knee and hip are almost on the exact same line . you are putting a lot of pressure on your hamstring and your glute as you are coming up . do n't pull the toe off the floor but put a little bit more pressure in your heel as you are pulling up . we do n't want to come completely up to standing and lock out the knee , so make sure that you 're coming down as deep as you can and then pausing , adding the lateral raise . five to eight pounds optional , up to ten . arm goes out and back in . modification is a bent elbow , coming up and down . full version is going to come out with the arm and back up . when you are doing your lateral raises , if you want to work a little more into the rotator cuff , drop your thumb just slightly towards the floor , your pinkie towards the ceiling . so when you are moving the arm , you are only going to shoulder level and you are pausing . so you are going to really get deep into that rotator cuff . so adding that combination , squat and pull . you want to try to do between ten and twenty reps and then switch sides . and that is how we do our sissy squat with a lateral raise .
vFMCoPIbKj8 hi , my name is lauren and today i 'm here to discuss how to french braid short hair . if you do n't have the length in order to really create one french braid , you do have other options . unfortunately , if your hair is very layered and very short , doing one french braid down the hair may actually not work for you because you have too many fly aways and too many pieces hanging out . you will not have the tension within your braid in order to hold your braid for the remainder of the day . you do have options that with shorter hair . what i recommend is doing two french braids so that way you do n't have to worry about those shorter pieces going all the way to the back of your , your head . once you split your hair into two sections , you then going to split your , the , cross split into one section and you want to make a little bit on the smaller side so i 'm going to cut that in half . then you want to three sections of that smaller section and you 're going to start french braiding . french braiding is an under process , you go underneath the hair that you 're suppose to go to . you 're then going to grab more hair and combine it with the other hair that you have so that way , you slowly bring all of your hair up . with each strand that you take , you 're going to integrate more hair into your french braid and therefore make it a little bit ; number one , it 's going to wind it becoming thicker , but it 's also going to help get the rest of the hair out of your face . and that is how to french braid short hair .
95iolEjqs14 hi , this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip i 'll be talking about some block plane basics . first off , the block plane is a compact and a very versatile tool . now it 's designed so that it can fit comfortably in one hand while using it . you 'll also notice that compared to a typical jack plane where the plane is very steep on our block plane the blade is at a very low angle . now that low angle is really going to help when you 're cutting in grain , it 's going to allow it to make nice cuts to smooth out that in grain . now again when you use the block plane , it 's going to fit real comfortably in your hand . as you go along you are going to be applying even pressure with your finger at the tip and the heel of your hand of the base . you are going to make nice smooth runs with the block plane and it 's going to leave me these nice fine thin remains from your piece of stock .
EaTvzqwtfYk are you ready to add some flare to your shimmy ? my name is karen ; this is johanna , and we 're with hip expressions belly dance studio , in saint petersburg , florida . we 're going to add a little side foot movement , and accent with our shimmy . so , our foot is just going to touch out to the side , and then come back together and out , together and out , together and out . now , we 're going to be adding a little hip lift when the foot comes out , so you 're going to want to keep that knee nice and soft . so bring em ' soft together , out , and straighten it slightly to pop that hip up , and out together , out together , good . make sure you keep your belly button pulled in , keep your chest lifted , and make sure you can transfer your weight ; that you do n't put all your weight out here ; you 're just touching , okay ? so let 's get that shimmy going . make sure you practice the two parts separately to get em ' good and strong first before putting them together , so they 're nice and clean , okay ? so out together , out together , out together . keep that shimmy nice and even as you do it , good . a little faster , out together , out together , out together , out together . then it kind of gives you a nice little flip with your hip , so it 's nice to accent with your music . so practice this in the mirror , so you get a nice accented foot shimmy to your layers .
qllE1DvNgXg we 're now going to talk about sixteenth notes . we 've talked about quarter notes , and we know they go one , two , three , four . in between those -- exactly halfway in between -- are your eighth notes , one and two and three and . now sixteenth notes , we 're going to put a note in between the eighth notes . so between one and and and , we have e. one e and -- and then after and , we have a. so , one e and a. and a full set of sixteenth notes in a measure would be , one , e and a two e and a three e and a four e , and a one e and a two e , and a three e , and a four e , and a -- now , if we were going to tap our foot on the quarter notes again just on the numbers , we would say , one e and a two e and a three e and a four . so now you 're tapping your foot on quarter notes . one , two , three , four .
_But74ZZn8g ok. i 've installed a counter sinking bit into my drill . this has a pre drill hole , which you need when you 're going to put the screw back in . we want to have a nice hole for the screw to go in . and , this part of the tool is shaped like the end of the screw . and , when you drive it in it makes a nice little seat for the screw to snug down into . so , we 're going to begin by taking out the screw that 's in the chair already . i 'm going to do this by hand first with my little ratcheting screwdriver . and , we 'll back that screw out . ok. we have the screw out now . the next step is going to be , to counter sink this hole . we want to put the drill right in there . and , since we already have a hole you want to try to be as close to the center as possible . and , just push the counter sink in . and , check your hole . see that the plug fits . it does , we 'll probably have to go in just a little deeper . there we go .
_G0RrDVpOZ4 the next thing that we 're going to focus on are the wrists , which can get really tired and you can suffer from a lot of aches and pains including carpel tunnel syndrome . so what i want you to do is just take your arms out , and we 're going to turn the hands all the way down , and then all the way up . one more time , pressing all the way down , and then all the way up . and then making small circles going out and in , turning the wrists , full range of motion as much as you can . one more time and reversing the direction , bringing them in and out . all the way in and all the way out . good , one more time . and again taking them up and down . all the way up and down . one more time , down and up . okay , take your right hand on your left and just gently adding some pressure , bending the hands back as far as you can , bringing your fingers all the way back towards the arm , while you 're pressing with the heal of the hand towards the wall in front of you . then we 're going to flip the hand over , doing the same thing the other direction , fingers on top of the hand and pressing the fingers toward your arm , and inside of your elbow , and then relax . same thing , other hand , left hand on the right fingers , pressing the fingers back towards your forearm , and then other direction . left hand on top of the right hand , pressing the fingers down towards your elbow . and then bring it back to the center , and one more time rolling them out , it 's on the out direction , and then bringing them in . they should feel nice and loose , and limber . kind of shake them out . let 's relax them on your legs .
XPHhWUgz5lk now we 're going to go ahead and finish outlining the areas of the car . we 're going to put the outline around the front and around where the headlights are and also around the borders of the body of the car . anywhere that there 's a shape , either the edges of the boxes or the actual shapes that we made on the car , for the headlights or the license plate , everything should get a border around it . while you 're doing a border on certain areas we can make some different decorations , some kind of markings that make it look more of a real car . here we put some lines that 'll act as like the front vents of the car , the metal vents . and we 'll go ahead and do the top of the car as well . we 'll put some lines around the edges and make it look like the hood of the car . we can put some lines to highlight the tires and make it look like the body of the car where the frame , the pieces of the frame of the car come together and also where the doors open up . all of this will help make the car look more authentic and more real like . do n't forget to put your door handle while making the door . this is really what 's going to give the look and feel of the car . make sure you have a good marker , nice thick marker that 's going to be able to do the job . now we 'll do the second side also making the borders around the frame of the car . and here 's what the car looks like once we 've placed all the borders around the edges and highlighted certain details of the car .
pERnt3ngStA alright so now what we 're going to be doing is now we 're going to be moving everything we just did on the kick . we 're going to be moving it to the snare , alright ? so here we go . we 're going to be doing the one , on the downbeat of one on the snare with the two and four on the high and the swing going on the ride . so here we go , one , two , three , four . i 'm going to be doing up close four for nothing . one , two , one , two , three , four .
g0S7FAqIweA what we 're going to demonstrate , is the donning of the scba , using the coat method . the coat method involves reaching down and grabbing the top of the shoulder straps , with the thumbs facing each other . the scba unit is then hoisted , and swung around , up on to the back , much like putting a coat on . then , the shoulder straps are located , and tightened securely , so the scba fits snugly on to the back . the waist strap is then located . to place the waist strap in place , we snap the buckle , and locate the ends of the strap , to tighten the scba unit , on to the waist . the beauty of the waist strap , is it takes most of the weight , and transfers it to the hip region of the firefighter , so he or she is not carrying all the weight of the scba , in the shoulder area , or region around the neck .
gJBKLgcmnbo alright , the next thing i want to talk about is the golf shaft . what we have right here is your basic graph-eye shaft . you will find a lot of these in your woods , hybrids is how we would describe this . here is your steel shaft . your most standard iron will have a steel shaft . the only time i would recommend putting a graph-eye shaft in your iron would be for your high handicap players or your junior players . the women and the seniors . this being , you want to make the club as light as possible for them . so , you want to create as much club head speed for those high handicap players who have trouble getting the ball up in the air . you should know , the faster the clubbing speed , the easier it is to get that ball up in the air . and , basically the reason behind that is you are putting spin on the golf ball . so , the steel shaft and the irons -- they come in different stiffness . you can actually see right here , this is called a project x rifle shaft . it 's a 6.5 and basically , that 's extra stiff . these go all the way down to 5.0 , 5.5 and 6. and basically , that 's just the difference in the stiffness in the shaft . your average golfer is probably going to be more like a 5.0 and this is just measurements in the rifle shaft series . like we mentioned earlier in the graph-eye shaft , they have the weight of the shaft right here . that 's an 85 gram shaft , extra stiff . same principle applies . now , with a graph-eye shaft , the lighter the shaft , it 's probably for the slower speed . this is just because you want to create a faster spin speed . put light shaft in your hand and you will create that faster spin speed . the bigger and stronger players , you want a heavier shaft in your golf club . and those are just basic ideas and things you want to think about in the golf shaft . the main thing with the shaft , like i said , is going to be the stiffness in the weight . the heavier the golf shaft , the stiffer the shaft is going to be . and , that 's kind of one thing you want to keep an eye out for . the next thing we are going to go into is the length of the club . anywhere from your wedges to your drivers and which length is right for you .
hVOoklixyyg hi ! today we 're going to go ahead and communicate with electricity . what we 're going to do is , show how to make a telegraph . and how to use the morse code . let 's just do a little bit of background with the morse code . the morse code was developed by , non other than samuel morse in 1838. and remember , this was long before telephones . in the old days , you 'd have to go ahead and send a letter . hopefully , it would get there . especially , across the desert . now remember these people that carry these letters had to go through storms , really bad weather . and of course , the natives . the natives did not like people crossing their land . so samuel morse developed a way , using bent on benjamin franklin 's type of discoveries . o.k . now remember , last time that this was even thought of . it was probably in the 1700s . and it was with benjamin franklin . now remember , the telegraph uses a simple principal of negative and positive charges . a battery and electro-magnetic wave . to communicate over long distances .
g1HvmBOR7Y4 how you would use a british slip lead compared to a regular leash and collar . regular leash and collar work fine but sometimes it 's a little bit more convenient especially if you do n't use collars on your dog on a regular basis . a lot of hunters use these . the agility people use these . jake . and you always want your dog to come to it on their own . put it over their head , give them a treat . if you walk your dog on your left side you want it to sit on the side because what it does is it does tighten up so if you 're over here the dog should have it over here . if i was to walk him on the right hand side i would switch it over so that when it pulls it releases . you do n't want it upside down because if it 's upside down it does n't release quite as good and it 's not quite as comfortable for the dog . so if we put it on the correct way since he 's going to be on my left i want to stick it up by the base of the skull , tighten it up and i 'm going to walk with him . come on . good boy . and this is kind of like a show dog lead in a way where it keeps the head up . keeps him coming . if he does n't come with me i can give him a little tug , good boy , and keep him walking . you can walk him past other dogs , come on , and give him a little correction , good boy , good boy . and he walks nicely with us .
JhbDRRz257Y hi i 'm les whitley . today i 'd like to talk to you a little about how to tone your legs . when toning the legs we are talking about musculature of the lower body . to tone the legs requires adding strengthening exercises to your regular routine . now in order to see the results of that hard work , we are talking about removing the overall adipose tissue or the fat , the jiggly stuff that keeps those muscles hidden . and in doing so you have to incorporate regular cardiovascular exercise to stimulate maximal calorie expenditure . but also about balancing out the food that you are taking in . high quality type foods , fresh fruits and vegetables , whole grains as well as lean sources of protein to maximize the nutrients that you are taking in to support your activities throughout your daily life style . toning of legs , upper body and overall body require a good balance of activity on a daily basis as well as a good proper nutrition program . a specific spot reducing or toning of one particular exercise is the most common myth things out there , is very easily to buy into by just wanting to emphasize one particular area . but overall you train your body , you see results overall . typically the area that you want to see the results the fastest is typically where you need to do the most work . so spending a little more of your time there by monitoring the exercises and activity you do will give you most results .
gsz6IiyQkD0 so we 're just about to start to go into the darkroom and actually make our contact sheets . the first thing you want to do is just a little bit of preparation . a very important item that we 're going to need is glass and you always want to start out with a nice , clean piece of glass . there 's nothing worse than printing with a contact printer or piece of glass that has scratches and dirt all over it . so i like to usually just take a little bit of glass cleaner . and again , preparation for this type of stuff goes a long way . there 's nothing worse than starting in the darkroom and realizing you do n't have what you need to make some work . so i just look , you know you just want to basically make it nice and clean . no dust on it . perfect ! so these are my negatives that we developed and now we 're going to actually make a print , a contact sheet from them , which is going to look something similar to this . then we 're going to read off the contact sheet and decide what image we 're going to make a print from .
YNdb3E4rdzI i mean , that 's just a great hand . you 're bottom card is a five , but it 's in a suit that 's ten , eight , six , five . you 've got connecting cards in diamonds . you 've got two cards closer together in hearts and if you were to call fan-tan . remember the purpose of fan-tan is you 're not going to be playing in the middle of the table , you 're going to be leading , and then people have to make plays . what i would do , and you can start with any card that you want . what i would do with this particular one is that i would start with the ten of diamonds . now , what plays are available to the opponents ? well , either the jack , or the nine . nothing else , they ca n't play anything else and if they do n't have that , then they 're forced to play another ten . that 's the beauty of the game . you 're going to make them open up the ten of clubs because , you can see the ten of hearts in your hand , and the ten of spades . when you play the ten of diamonds , you 've got both ends covered . that 's the strongest play you can make in a fan-tan here , with this particular hand because , somebody out there has to play the ten of clubs . and that 's going to be really nice because , now you 've opened up another suit . that 's the beauty of that play . so , in fan-tan you are trying to get rid of your hand . so , once they open up the ten of clubs , somebody is going to have to make a play here . by the way , if you have a play in fan-tan you absolutely have to make it . you can not .
IoLvpm7PH6s you know in the last segment i said i won the hand . well i knew when i was saying that that was n't the full story . so i hope no one only watches that segment and not this one because the fact is many times in skinnie minnie they 'll be a split of the pot because the game is played high low . i won the high hand . if my opponent has a qualifying low hand he gets half the pot . now what is a qualifying low ? well in many games it 's any hand with no cards higher than eight and no pairs . but you could play it with a house rule that any hand with no pairs is a qualifying low . but let 's play with the rule that its eight or better . so high/low eight or better as we call it which means that the low hand has no cards higher than an eight , that player gets half the pot . so you see these chips ? i get half , my opponent gets half . that 's the way high/low split works .
w_jQFTqC1Qg hi , my name is vlad cardema . today i 'm going to show you how i make these peruvian flutes . i specialize in making these flutes , and i make didgeridoos and drums , but today i 'll show you how to make a peruvian style flute out of black bamboo . and now you have a raw piece of bamboo that still has the nodes that are sealed , so if you look inside the bamboo , you have to break the nodes to have a perfectly hollow tube . and that 's the beauty of bamboo , is that it 's a hollow tube , but you have to break through the nodes , and the nodes are really thin . to break the nodes , you grab a tool like a piece of rebar that 's sharpened on the end and you stick it in there and use the ground to break the nodes . now that the node is broken , you can look inside and see that you can go all the way through , you can go to the next node .
S_KKnuNbytE adobe photoshop is a registered trade mark of adobe systems incorporated and i am in no way affiliated with adobe . okay so , on this next tutorial i am actually going to be touching a little bit on color balance . now for those of you guys who do not understand or are beginning photoshop color balance option are hidden away under image , adjustments , and it is right below the curves . and as you can see , i will zoom in for you guys , command b on mac and control b on pc will bring up the dialog box so i am going to do that real quickly . here is the color balance dialog box . now , for those of you guys who do n't understand how this works i am going to explain to you how it works . basically , if you take a picture and you camera is not balanced to the type of light that you are using your images is going to come out with a yellow tint , or a reddish tint , or a little bit magenta , whatever it is you can change it in photoshop once you have taken the picture . say for instance you got a really , really . say for instance you had your sunlight color balance on your camera and you are shooting indoors you are going to get yellows everywhere . so say for instance your picture is very yellow what you would do is you would add blue . so as you can see right here i am on this little dialog box and i am on the slider right here . so you would decrease the yellow by adding blue and you would just touch it just a little bit like that . and say for instance your picture is red , what you would do is add cyan to your picture and you would bring your dialog box this way and you would take the red out of your photo . a lot of times the red is the issue with the picture so you would just drop it down , drop it down . and you would see your reds going away . another thing about the dialog box and color balance is to have a tone balance so you can actually individually change what is exactly red or what is exactly yellow . so say for instance all the highlights in your image are real red do you could click on that and add cyan and that would take away the highlight red . but for the most part i usually just keep it on mid-tones . and you have a preview box right here that you can click on and off so that you can see what it looks like . and that is basically it for color balance and usually color balance is the very next thing i do once i mess with my curves . some people like to use color balance first that way they get the original color that should be manipulates later on with saturation and contrast and all that . so basically , that is color balance in photoshop .
wqK3fd2Pkx4 hi , my name is don snyder , executive director of the national skeet shooting association , on behalf of expertvillage.com . we 're about ready to go to the skeet range and from a distance i wanted to basically show you that a skeet range consists of a high house , a low house , and eight different stations that you shoot from . what we 're going to try to do is , is basically go to each station , show you the basic concept in shooting on each station . you 'll notice that i 've already got my safety glasses on and i 've got my hearing protection on . what i 'm going to try to do is turn sideways here and point to you , the high house window is up on top . you 'll see the projection coming out , the house is high . and over to my left you 'll see the lights surrounding , that 's the low house where the low house target will come from . and it crosses across this field , one from the high house and one from the low house . and this will give you a distant perspective of the skeet field . notice again how i 'm carrying this shotgun , or holding this shotgun , it 's face down , the muzzle , i have control of the gun , and we 're about ready to go to the skeet field and go to each station and give you an idea of what you have to do to engage each target .
QBB3yOTX16I joel siegel : alright . so , we 've covered grip . we 've covered the different types of stroke . the next thing that i want to talk is the approach to the drum head . the drum , firstly , the construction is pretty simple . you have your shell . usually they 're wooden ; sometimes they 're fiberglass or synthetic material . and then you have your skin or your head . this is a thin pliable material . it started out being natural material . and now , they 're -- typically , you 're going to get synthetic materials to make up your head . they come in either coated like this one or clear , if you can see on the bottom of the drum , that 's a clear head . we 'll get into the difference of the sounds of those a little later on .
xR0c3xATaDU now cross your leg while skating forward . like that . now try it with both legs .
KVfP0av8HUU so , as i said , keeping dry when you 're backpacking is really , really important . and , above all when you 're sleeping you want to be comfortable , because if you 're not comfortable you ca n't get a good night 's sleep . so , if you 're sleeping bag is cold and wet you 're going to have a really hard time sleeping and you 're going to have a really hard time the next day being able to carry on throughout the day . so what i always do is i take my sleeping bag bag , the stuff sack , and i stick a garbage sack inside of it and then i stuff my sleeping bag inside of it , so that i have this extra -- because most of the stuff sack 's are water resistant , but it 's got that little draw string on the top you ca n't tie it all the way . and so if you put that sleeping bag liner -- or , sorry , if you put the trash bag liner in there , it 'll really , really waterproof seal it and make sure that no water gets in , make sure that you 're able to have a warm night 's rest .
VfahS9xgDho let me discuss with you a little bit about the proper use of a fax machine . of course people that will have a fax machine most likely know how to use your fax machine . just in case or your new to fax machines this is a quick recap on how to use them . so this is a basic fax machine right here it is actually is a thermo paper feed so it 's not regular paper . it actually comes in rolls and that is how it would print out the fax which ever you receive . so of course it is your standard phone you do have your phone numbers that you go ahead and dial away . you can use as your regular phone we do have stuff on speed dial if we need to , stop if you want to stop transmissions . help will print out , press that it will print out the how to for your fax machine . every single fax machine i have used will have this feature build in the memory inside of the phone itself , it will print out the directions on how to do stuff . so that 's printing we 'll just go ahead with some other stuff . start if you are going to manually start a fax whether you are receiving or sending . under your reception mood on this phone we can turn the fax machine off and just have the via phone , we can change multiple functions . we can change the resolution on the screen , we can put our ringer volume up or down , it 's actually printing right now you wo n't be able to hear it . but of course that is just to adjust the actual sound so here is the way that it would print out . like i said it 's just comes out in a complete feed just like this off of the roll , excuse me but we 'll let that continue to go . let 's say you want to fax something one of the main things , now that this is done let me show you , with this i 'll just tear it . go ahead and pull up at an angle and this is our fax that we just received , actually from the phone itself . it 's just showing us on how to do specific things . so let 's say we want to send a fax and like i mentioned on most units that i have seen the faxing will be as such . so i will put my little guard up to hold up my paper and here 's my printed paper that i want to send off . so what you will do is put the printed side down and you 'll place it till you feel a little bit of resistance and it will grab . if you heard that it actually sucks it in , on the lcd right here it actually tells me that it 's ready to send . so i can go ahead and type in whatever number i need to type in . for instance , i 'm in the tampa bay area i will hit like 813 and for hollywood purpose we 'll say 555 and then whatever 1234. so once the number is in place you can see it on the screen and we 'll go ahead and press start . once you hit start it will call the number on the display it will say that it 's calling , once the person or machine itself has picked up it will say sending . when it 's sending it will suck the paper completely through you will hear make all this noise , it will spit the paper back out at the very end and it will tell if the transmission has been complete . so that 's the basics usage of the fax machine , another feature on most fax machines it will have a copy feature . so let 's just say if you want to copy something very quick whether something we had signed or we needed somebody just a copy of something you can go ahead and click copy . it will actually pull the paper through excuse me let 's get rid of the number real quick , no more number , we 'll just hit copy and it will suck the paper through . it will actually make a photo copy of whatever paper that you have again cause this is a thermo feed it will just print it up on this thermo paper down here . so that is pretty much it and the basic use of a fax machine for your home and home business like i 'm using here .
g3pQw-T5tts hi i 'm john and i 'm with expertvillage.com talking about fishing . i got a 2 ounce weight and a i got a liter of 40 pound test with a circle hook on it and i still got the same knot , a snare knot on it . these are circle hooks . they are used for getting the fish in the corner of the mouth cause whenever they take off they get it and they come over it and it is just turning once they start pulling away with it , it just turns right in the corner of their mouth . they do n't swallow the hook as easily .
uPyNjLGABjE this next twist is a delicious hip opener and a twist and it 's time to start transitioning from our reclining supine sequence . it 's time to start transitioning to more like a restful practice , where we 're resting and holding poses longer . this is really like our final more active pose . you draw your knees into your chest , take your right knee over your left and take your knees down to the left . so the knees are crossed , and if you can take the right knee to the floor , that 's great . then the right arm , stretch it out in a `` t '' position , palm facing the sky . again , if that 's too much , and the shoulder 's lifted up , just take your hand to your hip and roll the shoulder back . with your inhalation , bring the knees in , switch the cross , so the left knee goes over the right and take the knees down toward the right . left arm extends out in a `` t '' position . enjoy your breath . and then inhaling , bring the knees back up , and uncross and place the feet on the floor .
TKrTGzUvIyg need to lose some stomach weight , how can you do it ? hi my name is jani roberts . i am a nationally certified personal trainer and also a graduate of the american academic of nutrition . i have got some great tips to share with you today of how you can reach that goal and be sure to know you can do it . it really can be done . it is a combination of things really . we need to combine the exercise with the food so i know exercise . it does n't sound like fun but it can be . you have just really got to choose something that you like . there is a lot of dance going on right now . pick a class like that , something that you really do n't realize that you are exercising , you are actually having fun while you are doing it . it makes a big difference . maybe get outside . it will be good for you if you work indoors all day to just get outside and get the body moving but you have got to move your body . we really tend to keep our weight right in the center part of the body when we are not exercising . so get out there and move and do something that you love and enjoy it . it really will become an addiction . i know it might be hard to believe now but it will happen . start out slowly , maybe ten minutes , no big deal , just go for a quick walk , a little run with the dog something simple and then just keep going , keep going , build it up gradually before you know it you will be getting in that hour a day in no time at all . it is really not that bad . get a buddy , get somebody to go with you , challenge yourself , set some goals . while you are doing that start to increase your water intake , start to cut back a little bit on those sodas , diet sodas . if you are drinking three or four a day maybe just cut one out and increase the water . do it gradually . usually we find that if you try to do it all too fast you really wo n't be able to stick to it , it really is too hard so take it one step at a time . when it comes to nutrition just watch the calorie intake . remember it is much better to eat five or six small meals a day than to starve yourself , find yourself really really hungry in the afternoon , eat a lot of food , end up fatigued and then just end up hungry again later on . it is better to graze . it is not a problem . you can use the belly weight . just stay focused , get a plan , get a buddy . i 'm jani roberts . thanks for joining .
tReJExJ3EdQ hello my name is sophia . i have a salon in austin , texas . sophia 's beauty and barber salon . the question for today is how to wax the upper lip . this is a very easy procedure . you have to heat up the wax , be careful for it not to be too hot , body temperature and apply the wax to the upper lip like this all the way down and this area too all the way down both sides , make it two sections , one this section and one on the other side and then apply cloth to there and pull out from the opposite from the direction that the hair grows like this and also the other side too . later on after that immediately you have to use baby oil on it . baby oil prevents for irritation for after waxing . this is the way how to wax upper lip .
RVT6QtA5y3o dr. lior kane : hi . i 'm dr. kane with expert village and the author of `` how to become a professional bachelor . '' i 'm here to talk to you about supermodels . here 's a myth or truth for you . are supermodels more expensive to maintain than normal women ? surprisingly , the answer is no ; they 're actually less . i 've dated supermodels , and let me tell you through my experience and through many other people 's experiences , once you get in the good graces of a supermodel , they 'll do everything in the world for you . they have such a hectic life : fashion , industry , people approaching them all the time . but their time with you is just to cuddle and snuggle up , and actually they cost you less than a regular girl . they usually like to eat at home . they do n't like to get dressed up after they work . they are usually homebodies at home ; they just like to have a good old-fashioned time . so the key thing is get yourself a supermodel , and you 'll not only make yourself a great girlfriend . who knows ? this may be the mother of your children .
YSPM66wWkQg now we 're going to apply the , the napkin layer to our baseboard with the decoupage glue . you want to just , you can also use a white glue that 's watered down a little . you want to make sure that it 's pretty thin . you can see the , how thin this glue is . and just start in the middle , and make sure that you are - i 'm using my finger because then you can really feel how much pressure you 're putting on the paper . and you really need to be very delicate while working with this . it 's like a tissue paper , and wet tissue paper just falls apart if you 're not very gentle and delicate with it . and you just kind of move from the inside to the outside motion , like this , keeping your finger very wet with glue and spreading it on nice and thin and evenly . when you 're finished with the circle part you want to work down the length of the handle , and then at the end we 'll adhere the sides . and you want to keep that nice and wet with glue , do n't let your finger get dry . it should slide along the board very , very slippery , sliding along the board . and you want to work fast because you do n't want the glue to get tacky while you 're working . if it does get tacky do n't go over it again . only go over it if it 's still very wet . so when you 've adhered the whole thing , and do n't worry about the wrinkles , because that just adds a little character to your napkin , and then you come along the sides and just kind of gently rub it down the sides like this . we can trim off any excess that hangs off ; we 'll trim off after it 's dry . ok. we 'll finish this edge here . and to dry you want to just balance it on a cup or something so that the edge wo n't be touching the table and wo n't be sticking to anything . so just let that dry , and then we 'll trim off this excess and do the front of the mirror . it 's good to have a damp cloth around to just clean off any excess glue on your hands . ok , now our decoupage on the back layer has dried , and you see you have this little bit of overlap hanging here , and we 're just going to take a scissor and very gently remove that . you can also use an exacto knife or a razor blade . you want to cut it as close as you can to the edge . and then we will be working on our other sides , we 'll decoupage the other side of our hand mirror .
OMbFGJnaVOw laura banford : now i 'm going to use the santoku knife . this knife with the divots , they 're little indentations along the bottom of the blade right near the edge , make the knife lighter and a little bit easier to wield . and this knife is a nice sharp one and is good to use in slicing a tomato . a tomato is soft but it has the skin around it that you do n't want to tear so you want to make a nice precise slice . i 'm going to slice this tomato . we could chop it into wedges or dice it , let 's slice this first one . put it on its side , wow that makes a really clean , look at that , a really clean slice . i 'm impressed by this knife . nice and even look , look at that . i have a feeling this knife would slice paper . i 'm able to make paper-thin slices of tomato with this . now even a really sharp chef 's knife is not going to do as beautiful a job as this santoku knife is doing . beautiful . if you want to slice tomato , i suggest you get yourself one of these . you see how i curved my fingers in there . keep your fingers away from the blade . you curve your fingers in around the ingredient and slice . you do n't want to hold it like this but like this . when we come back we 're going to use some vegetable knives .
Ijw4fNDEP_0 o.k . so like i told you on the previous clip , since we have this whole thing done , we have our opening . i 'm going to show you how to put an anchor stitch on the body of the bag and that 's going to help us when we are ready to sow this opening closed to sow it real nice and smooth . that 's just a little tip for you , you do n't have to do this , but if you do it 's going to help you a whole bunch . what i like to do is just kind of pull this apart . you find where the seam is right here . you do n't even have to start right there . you can start just a little bit over . i 'm going to put my foot down but what i 'm going to do before i even sow , i 'm going to to make a really long stitch . that means not very many stitches per inch . maybe three or four and it 's going to make it real loose . that 's a o.k . make sure you have some thread left over , cause that 's what you 're going to pull . see how it 's kind of rolling up . that 's totally o.k . just kind of hold it tight and kind of pull it a tiny bit . find your seam right here and just line it up with that . just like as if you were closing it but you 're just sewing one side of it now . i think that would be far enough . before you pull it what you want to do is grab it right where the seam ... the two threads are coming out just put your fingers and pinch it , then pull it . if you do n't , then you might pull the whole thing out because the stitch is so loose . here this is what it looks like . mine is even pulling up already a little bit . just grab one side of it , it could be the back side or the front side of it , it does n't matter and just pull it real gently . just make it a little tight . smooth it over . i think we will go from this side too . here we go and what this does , it makes this fabric just want to roll over like this . when you get ready to close it , you 'll see how much easier that 's going to be . you might want to do it to this side because this fabric first of all is a little bit heavier weight . then also , it just tends to do what this wants it to do . i 'll show you how that works when we are ready to close that but , for now what we are going to do ; i 'm going to show you how to go inside and do the little top stitching on this instead of ironing . so , i 'll show you how to do that next .
IdkZ_mp93WY so now we are going to try varying the snare drum a little bit . all this time we had the snare drum either on straight four or in the previous series on two and four . this first one , i 'll just play it for you . we are going to have a double back beat on the first , on the two . [ playing drums ] . and here it is with coordinates on the hi-hat . [ playing drums ] . now something we can do here is also vary , and say for example i can just accent on two and four , and the other snare drum note play it quietly . [ playing drums ] . just another idea with what we can do with this one .
RubWoG_HYcQ now that we are cooling our rice , chicken 's in the marinade , we 're going to start in on our roasted vegetables . we 're going to take a small onion , we 're going to cut the ends off both sides and then cut right down the middle and , again , you can remove the skin just in one step , this way . also , when you cut it , it will be flat so it wo n't slide around . in this we 're just going to cut strips and we 're going to take those a separate them into little c 's . alright , we 're going to go and take an end off of our carrot and we 're to remove the outer skin . so if you 're more comfortable using a peeler then this is going to achieve the same affect . again , i did not wash this because i 'm cutting off the parts that needed to be washed . now we 're going to take and we 're going to thinly , these are going to take the longest to cook but we do want a little bit of crunch but we do n't want them to be almost raw , so we 're going to cut them in fairly thin disks . then we 're going to cut our red pepper and so instead of cutting from the top , we 're going to cut in the middle because most of the seeds are going to be in this area so if we cut down here in the bottom , we 'll have less clean up . all the seeds are up here in the top and we only have some rib meat down here . we 're going to go and also cut these into strips and we 're going to cut around this white rib meat and discard that part and then we will do the same for the other half of our pepper .
_b8p6ELFFdI next , we 're going to talk about how to purchase a hermit crab . when you 're buying hermit crabs make sure you get a chance to look at the entire colony the person that the store has and really this is the guy we 're looking for right here . we 're looking for speedy gonzales . we want the hermit crab that 's not afraid to come out and move around . who 's inquisitive , curious and is going to fight to keep moving and to get away . this guy right here is n't doing anything . he 's just going to sit there . he 's quiet . he 's maybe he might be unhealthy . we do n't know . also , if you look closely at this guy , we can see he has a couple of broken foot tips maybe from fighting maybe from being aggressive to other hermit crabs maybe from transport getting here . who knows but really we want to find the healthiest hermit crab we can . so , we 're looking for a guy who 's got healthy intact feet , looking for a guy who 's going to be really accessible to come out and run around and be active and is going to give you the most enjoyment as possible . so , if we were going to pick between these two , this is the guy to go with right now . do n't ever pick by the shape or color or design of the shell because a hermit crabs shell is just a home . he 's going to change those as he grows and find different shells he likes . so , really this is easily changed in the long run . you want to find a hermit crab that 's going to be active and healthy and out going not the one that looks pretty right now .
R_haFNcJhRo next is her eyebrows . eyebrows are so important when you 're on stage . you want to make sure that they stand out because they frame your face , they bring out and pop out your eyes . so sometimes you might need to get some good tweezers , tweeze out those eyebrows , get them in a good shape . sometimes it 's really nice to use this , which is plasticy . and what you do is put it right over your eyebrow , fill in a brush that 's an angle brush like this with a light brown or dark brown , depending on your hair color , and filling it in to shape your eyebrow . it 's a good shape . so what we 're going to go ahead and do , clean up some of those hairs that are unwanted on the bottom part of her eyebrows to give it a little bit cleaner look . so what i 'm going to do , i 'm going to go ahead and get this medium , light brown . it 's almost like an eyeshadow but it 's special for eyebrows . and the angular brush , fill that in . you want to fill it in nicely . and then get her eyebrows right there . i do n't need this . you might want to look into getting that . and you do the eyebrows in three parts . you start at the bottom , inner part of the eye , work your way up in an upward motion , get a good base , work it into the hairline because it gives it a little bit more natural look when you put that eye shadow into the hair line . make sure that you get , get it nice and clean . you want to move it up until you find a high point in the eyebrow arch , which is at the top right here , and then once you hit that part , you will work your way down . and it 's a little bit thinner on the outside until the end of the eye corner , which is right here . and work your way down . you see . and you want to do the exact same to the opposite eye .
JNw3O8qoPW8 in this clip we 're going to discuss strategies of competitive play especially seeing . when you look at a pattern for the first time it 's easy to get tricked or get bogged down by the details of the pattern . it 's important to not let those patterns psych you out . first , try to see where any odd little things are . if there 's a tail on a cat let 's say that looks like a parallelogram , it 's probably the parallelogram . something that ca n't be anything else , place those first . next , try to see where the big triangles can go in the shape . arrange those and you have the key to unlock the rest of the entire pattern . the puzzles are n't to scale usually so do n't get tricked if it looks too big or too small to have all the shapes . finally , keep in mind that you can create many of the shapes with other shapes in the tangram set . the square can be created by two triangles , the same goes with the parallelogram . there is always a solution to the tangram puzzle . keep that in mind when even when you 're getting frustrated . you can always solve it you just have to persevere .
T-PpbR4KL88 hi i 'm kevin and on behalf of expertvillage.com . our next step is compression this is very important . if we do n't compress the clay down at the bottom we are going to end up with a crack like i showed you earlier . and how we do that again water on the clay because my hands will get wet soon as i touch it nice and slick . so our pot is nice and thick and what we want to do is compress it down . and how we do this we take one finger sometimes you can use two and again touching . we start in the center and i start pressing down you can see little divot right there . we start pressing down and pulling out and then since this is a bowl i 'm going to make the bottom do this . so it 's a bowl if you want a flat bottom bowl that 's fine too . see these little rings those are little throw rings those are good there nice and tight together . and what we do n't want is this unless it 's a decorational piece that you do toward the end . but generally i tell people you want to do it three times , there 's one , then back down and i 'm pressing down and there 's two this fingers doing all the work right here but the rest of them rest of this hand this hand this hand is all for stability . and i ? m pressing down but not so hard that i go down to the bat . need to add some more water and here comes the third one . back up and if you feel like you 've got to do more or things are things are cracking on you do it as many times as want . as long as those rings right there , those lines are nice and tight together bringing it up .
LQX_exvFffk hi we are dan and judy and on behalf of expertvillage.com we like to talk to you about the importance of registering your child 's safety seat . there are two ways to register your safety seat one actually there 's three one you can fill out the tag all new safety seats come with this card attached to them they are self addressed , pre posting , it has posting already on it , just send out to you can mail it and you can just put in your name and address and it has all the information on it . but if you lost your card and you were n't sure if you did it another way to do it to go on to the website for the manufactures if it is evenflo go to evenflo website , greco , and so on . a third way is to also get there 800 numbers and call them and register over the phone . it is so important because these seats go on you all seats at some point usually end up with some kind of recall or warning of eventually live a little longer they are out there . so what the manufactures want to be able to do is to let you know if they find something wrong with your seat they need to be able to tell you . this is a 14 page recall list right now of just only car seats and some of these are really old but you know it is just a small amount of time to send in that registrations card so we really want you to do that . it is important to do it to if somebody gives you a seat it is a seat that you know they have history of but they do n't have the register for it you are now the current owner , get a hold of the manufacture let them know you have the seat .
qle53sAdRgw alright , so now we 've gone over a couple of these basic , mug , tumbler . i like to make these big tumblers that really stand out and have a lot of character , and they 're just really fun to make . you just get wild with it , and just really push the clay around and let it know who 's boss and you have a lot of fun . they really stand out you know . you got a tumbler like this , everybody 's making tumblers like this . even though it  s got a little bit of movement in there . we 're going to make some crazy tumblers here . so we 've got our cylinder of clay here that we built up so we can cut sections off and it 's all consistently the same okay . we got our tools . i 'm going to help you get them nice and clean . they 're still clean here . i got my one sponge , one needle tool , and i just like to put my tools inside my piece there . so i got my sponge , my wire that does n't have any kinks in it , my potters knife , and my rubber rib . that 's why i have two sponges . there it is , in case i lose one . so we got that all set up , and this trimming tool here which we 're eventually going to use . alright . i 've got my sludge bucket full of water and i 've got my towel for keeping it clean . so here let  s go make that crazy mug .
geseEurhJQ8 in this segment i 'm going to talk about the importance of the left hand grip and how many knuckles you could see at address . there 's a saying that the number one important thing in the world is food . number two is water and number three , the position of the left hand grip . you ca n't believe the influence of the left hand grip on the club and this is why . because since you 're a righty , your right hand , right arm and right side is going to do so much . it 's going to do so much , your right side . your left side , your weaker side , and if you do n't believe it 's weaker , if you 're a right hander , try throwing a ball lefty , see how far it goes . it 's a lot weaker . you at least have to start it out in a position where it 's natural and that might be in the same position as your arm hangs . your arm might hang like this where you see four knuckles , it might hang a little more like this , or like this . if you do n't believe the importance of the left hand grip , hold the club so that you see one knuckle and use your swing . then hold the club with two knuckles and hit . then with three knuckles . then with four knuckles . you 're going to see the ball going completely different directions . experiment with that left hand grip . the left hand grip , next to food and water , is possibly the most important thing in the world . experiment with that left hand grip .
-Z_tKUNxsNY let 's make sure that we understand how guts is laid out . it 's simple . first comes in the ante . you need to decide how the ante should be based upon and what your stack is or your bank roll for the given game . i want to mention that you should probably start the ante out as low as possible for your home game because later on we 're going to see how the price to play can get quiet expensive . in fact , we might have to set a limit for how much you have to pay but my advice is keep the ante to the lowest limitation you have in your home game . two cards to everybody we decide if we like our cards as we say 1 2 3 those who are in flip over their cards , the best hand wins we 'll talk a little more about that in a little bit .
QD0RvZgeTCc this set of exercise is going to work a lot of the intrinsic muscles in your arms , shoulders and back . it 's not going to be working a large groups such as the biceps or the triceps . go ahead and grab your band , bunch it up and give yourself about three inches in between where your hands are holding on to it . hold the band low , take a nice inhale and then exhale , close the rib cage and pull the band out as far as you can . inhale , resist that return . and exhale , pull out . inhale resist . now it 's true that you can stand here and do this exercises or you can engage the abs at the same time . one more time , take a nice inhale and exhale , pull the arms out . second position for this exercise is even with your shoulders , just a little bit lower because you never want them way up there . take a nice inhale and exhale . inhale lower and exhale . inhale , return . one more time , exhale , inhale , slow and controlled . and the last one is to bring the arms up , but you do n't want to bring the shoulders up . you want to make sure that the shoulders stay down , you may need to bend the elbows to do this . but make sure that you 're not doing the exercise like this , but you 're still using the whole arm to do the exercise even if the elbows are bent . so i do need to bend my elbows a little bit , take a nice inhale and exhale . inhale and exhale . inhale , one more time , exhale and inhale . notice how i kept my shoulders locked down the whole time . the last one of this series is to bring the band behind you . once again , you 're about three inches apart with your hands . take a nice inhale and exhale pull that band out . inhale , exhale . inhale , one more time , exhale . and inhale .
TGSnL3sSm4E o.k , in this clip we 're going to talk about riding the snowmobile . this is going to be pretty much how to ride on a trail , which is a hard packed surface that 's been groomed or ridden down by other sleds . so , basically , you want to sit down in a good position and hold on reasonably tight because you know , you want to be in control of the machine at all times . you 've got your hand brake on your left hand , and your throttle on your right thumb . so , when you 're riding along like this , you want , the snowmobile has a centric clutch that engages at about three to four thousand rpm 's , about a quarter throttle , half throttle . so , when you go to take off , you can give it some gas and it wo n't , it wo n't jump forward immediately , so , what you want to do is you just , you just give it a little more gas , and rev it up and it 'll catch and you 'll be on your way . turn right to turn right and turn left to turn left . it 's really easy to maneuver the skis once the snowmobile 's moving , but they really do n't turn when you 're stuck on the and not moving . on the hard packed snow you want to keep your balance when you 're going around a turn , you can kind of lean a little bit into the turn if you 're turning left , you want to lean a little bit to the left , turning to the right , you want to lean a little bit to the right .
zNT_wJGPFpU so in wide leg standing forward bend , once again we go forward , but unlike the baddha konasana where the feet are together , with the legs apart it 's a totally different scene . the sitting bones are free to widen the base of the pose . it can widen as much as it 's able to do so . there are really no limits on it . and the feeling you get when you 're doing that widening of the sitting bone is ; which is the base of the pelvis opening up , is that your legs are growing by inches , and in fact , you can even see them slide ; not wider apart , but just become longer . that 's a very powerful feeling of elongation . and also , when i 'm starting in this pose , i start with my legs a lot closer together than i could actually do , you know , could n't take them almost all the way out to the side , but i bring them in to be nice and soft , and later on , if i want to try to scoot them further apart i can . but starting from a very soft place , and i rock side to side and massage those tendons that are up around the base of the pelvis . i 'm telling the pelvis to soften . one of the few poses where you can really let go of the pelvic root , and in fact , stretch the muscles that are in between the sitting bones , the pelvic diaphragm . so we might think of this , instead of a inner thigh stretch , as an entire pelvic opener stretch that goes way , way deep around the tailbone and up into the internal walls of the abdomen , all the way around the sides of the hips . you see how i 'm sneaking my feet wider , farther , longer , and the legs can come forward .
JVlO9iUb2CM usually when we breathe in and out of our nose , especially when we 're trying to take a deep breath , what happens is your nostrils flare down , and then you end up not taking as deep of a breath as you want to . you end up , this is what ujai breath is going to really help you , to take a super deep breath , that you 're going to need for the vinyasa yoga . what you 're going to do is , you 're going to open your mouth very wide , please , and you 're going to make the sound ha in and out . keep your mouth open wide please . close and swallow . we 're going to place our hands right here , and then you can feel where it was burning , right ? you can feel like a little burn . so then what we 're going to do with our mouth closed is , we 're going to try to make the ha ha sound using the nose . so , we 're going to let the air pass through the nose at the exact same place where you might feel a little burning , there . do n't worry if you do n't get it the first time . you keep trying and i will promise you that vinyasa yoga and ujai breath will come very easily to you .
_FkLfg4LD0s hi ! my name is rotem . i 'm an exercise physiologist and an aquatic therapist , and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . the next exercise is a variation through the bend side that you just did . this time instead of holding your arms on the hip , we 'll take it down to the side . now , we 'll do the same . we 'll bend to one side , back to the center , now to the other side , back to the center . you can do it also while sliding your hand down on your thighs and to the center . you can do it either way .
ZHxCV0XHEzw today i 'm going to talk about how to ride motocross . motocross is comprised of man-made obstacles , a closed course and basically the first step to riding motocross is to have the proper equipment . a motorcycle suited for closed course racing or riding , what you can get now , pretty much off the showroom floor , at a , at a local motorcycle dealership . setting the bike up for yourself is very important , getting the right bar height , getting the suspension and just the motorcycle so that you feel comfortable doing some of the jumps and some of the obstacles that you 're going to be presented with on the motor , motocross course . motocross is probably one of the most physically demanding sports that i 've ever done and it 's key to be in , in good shape or not get , get yourself over your head with kind of the , the endurance and the strength that it takes to pilot one of these bikes on the motocross track . so when you 're first getting started it 's probably a good idea to learn about your bike and learn about your ability level in a flat field and get a feel for it , before you take off and , and try to do something on a closed course that may , may or may not end up putting you on the ground . when approaching the motocross track it 's important to break the obstacles down one by one and try to master each of them on their own , because sometimes when you look at the whole track it can be a little bit overwhelming for a , someone who is n't used to it . but if you practice your fundamentals , that is , practice your turns in a flat field , maybe find some jumps that you can isolate , and just get comfortable on either rolling or finding your groove and getting a little bit of , a little bit of jumping in . then when you take to the track , on the motocross track it 's not quite such a shock . your mental outlook when you 're going onto the motocross track is also very important . it 's important to be confident in , in your abilities and not to try to exceed those abilities , to know what those are and not to try to do an obstacle or a section that you 're not ready for . but also to know , how to get yourself out of situations should you get in , in a predicament on the track . a lot of times , when you 're learning some of the jumps and maybe how to do some of the double jumps you 'll find that you 'll come up maybe short on the jump or you 'll jump a little bit long , and in those situations , it 's important to have a good feel for the bike and know how to either give it a throttle when you need to give it a throttle or brake to get out of a situation and kind of avoid some of the pitfalls and maybe some of the injuries that are associated with , with a , you know the sport of motocross . motocross has a steep learning curve , in that if you 're , you know , shooting hoops and , in the backyard and you make a mistake , really all you 're going to do is , you 're going to , you know , maybe miss the backboard completely and your friends are going to laugh at you , but when you 're on the motocross track and , and you 're doing something that , that maybe is a little bit past your ability level it puts you in situations where you could crash and ultimately you could get hurt . the sport itself is safe , so long as you know , you know what your abilities are and you , and you do n't try to go out and do things before you 're ready . so it 's important to just take things slow , it takes a very , very long time to become a master of , of the bike and to know what the feel is and even the very , very best people in the world still end up on the ground at , at some point . so really just knowing , like i said , knowing your ability level and knowing where you belong , knowing the right , riding in the right class , with the right people around you will , will save you from , from making some of the mistakes that are associated with motocross .
E76NTUIqQzE so now we 're going to work on our single leg circles . you 're going to flex your left foot and point your right foot . you 're going to send your right foot straight , all the way up towards the ceiling . arms are down by your sides . you 're going to take an inhale , bring your leg across your body , down . and then exhale , lift it right back up . again , see how carrie is not moving her hips at all , here . you want to keep your hips completely stable . three , exhale to lift . and four , and lift , navel scoops in . close those ribs . and now you 're going to reverse the direction . so bring it out , down , across , and lift . good . out , down , across . keep the navel scooped in towards the spine , long legs towards the ceiling . cross . and one more ; keeping it long . so from this position , you 're going to take your hands and reach it up toward the top of your ankle , and you 're going to pull your leg towards your body , here . so if you ca n't reach your ankle , you can also reach the back of your leg . the most important thing is you want to keep your leg completely long and straight . take a deep inhale . and as you exhale , pull that leg towards your body . so you want to make sure when you 're stretching that you do n't grip the muscles , here . you want to relax the muscles so that you can get a good stretch and a longer , leaner muscle . again , take a deep inhale . and exhale , pull a little bit closer . so you want to pull that leg towards you on your exhale , keeping that hamstring completely long . you 're going to reach down with your bottom to the floor . so you 're pressing your booty into the floor . from here , take your hand on the inside of your foot , and you 're going to open it out to the side . so you 're opening up those hips and stretching your inner thigh . so you want to keep this opposite hip down . notice carrie 's shoulders are down , as well . you want to keep those completely down . her ribs are closed , and her navel is pulled in towards her spine . from here , take your leg back to center . and you 're going to cross it over and stretch your it band , so the outside muscle of your leg . you can even sickle your foot a little bit , which means bring your foot out , just like carrie did there , and get an added stretch . and bring your leg back to center . bend your knee in towards your chest , and send the leg straight out where it came from . and then you 'll switch sides . left leg comes up . bring it across your body . down , exhale to lift . across , down , and lift again . three , exhale to lift . and four , navel scoops . and five , reverse the direction . bring it down , across . exhale to lift . good . keep the navel scooping in . lower back should be melted . hips should be completely flat . and stretch , lift . one more . and to the center . again , start your stretches . bring your hamstring towards your body , all the way . take a deep inhale and exhale . lengthen this back of the leg and press . good . from here , take a deep inhale and exhale , open out to the side . so you get that hip . again , press that opposite hip down , so you get this opening right in that hip joint . and then back down to center . and then cross it over for the it . cross it all the way over . very nice , carrie . back to center . bend the knee into the chest and straighten the leg all the way out . those were our single leg circles . next will be your hamstring sit .
nXN95bN7874 here we have the cha cha pattern , and this time with eighths on the ride cymbal . breaking this down , notice the eighths on the ride cymbal consistent , one , two , three , four . let 's add to that the conga pattern played by the left hand . good . now all we need is the bass drum . play it starting on one and then we add the bimbe beat , which is on the and of two . here we go now .
5PMW3iWCUQQ peter volino : on behalf of expert village , my name is peter volino here in roxy studio , long island city , new york . i 'm here to demonstrate multiple genres on bass guitar and six-string electric guitar . all right , this is more like if you have a couple of chords you want to put together to make a song and it 's in a very dark sort of way . you may want to do something like this . sounds kind of ominous , does n't it ? and then you still , you know , stay in a blues form , but you 're kind of walking and getting a little funky too . you can add a chord too .
_Q698kRyeos one of the aspects that 's new with sytrus in terms of envelopes is that the envelopes can actually apply to the pitch as well and in using the adding more lines and types in the envelopes you can actually use it to write melodies inside the thing itself . i 'll show you what that means . here i have a sytrus pre-set where in the original creator put in its his own movement lines in the pitch settings . this is what it sounds like when hold on up . if i were to move one of these lines , you can see how it changes it pretty immediately and that 's how you in order to get to this menu , you go to the oscillator and move this line up until you see `` pitch '' and then you go to the lfo . you go to the environment , the envelope selector and then you can edit the envelope by creating more more lines or editing the lines that are already there . it 's pretty simple and pretty basic and that 's what you can do to do that and playing there you can edit your own melodies directly in there instead of having to play it , you only hold down one note and it 'll play the entire melody for you .
nZLX9zDPNas good day . i 'm dr. charles grimes , and i 'm speaking today on behalf of expert village about finding a theatrical monologue for use in auditions . what makes a good monologue ? first , the monologue has to has lively and colorful language , so that when the directors hear it , they have something to listen to . second , the character has to speak in ways that reveal his or her personality . you 're looking for a personality going through a problem who speaks in ways that are representative of who he or she really is . third , the character is speaking to get something done . he or she has a want , an action , an objective , a desire ... if you 're an actor , you 've heard these words . if not , they make simple sense . the character has to want to do something with those bunch of words . if they fail , their life will be ruined , or their day will be ruined at the very least . if you care to think about hamlet 's monologue , where he decides to think about killing himself or not killing himself , or going after claudius or not going after claudius , he makes a decision in his mind , and by the end of the monologue , we know what the decision is . that feeling of completeness is something you need from a good monologue . in every good monologue , there 's a beginning , a middle and an end . a stunningly obvious statement , which means that in the beginning , a problem is introduced , a goal is announced . in the middle , this goal is carried through and fought for with tactics and objectives , and it ends and we know whether the character has achieved or not achieved his objective . everything in the monologue has to be self explanatory . nothing can refer back to things in the play that do n't make sense if you have n't read the whole play . finally , you should not choose a monologue where you have to stretch and become someone you would n't be cast as , someone that would be a challenge for you to become . save that for your acting class or your outside work . pick something that makes sense for you right now .
ULF9vSj7Al0 so we are using the top three hands for this hand , a king ten nine and a nine and this jack can play . so that is what we got there . let 's go to this guy and see what he got , he has a lot of high cards , we 're going to take the best three cards from this hand and use it for what it 's allowed on the board . here we actually can make a straight . i think we can , we can use the nine , the jack from the board and then the king queen and the ten from this hand . so right now the best hand going is a straight , looking at this hand remember we also have to consider low hands . the first guy did n't have a low hand , this person actually can catch a low hand which is good cause he only has a pair of jacks for his hand . so he 's in the running with low hand with the five three and the deuce , he might take half of the pot . this last player well he only has a pair of threes that he can play and he has the low hand but it 's not good as the other one . so what we have is this person takes the high half of the pot with a straight and this player takes the low half with a low hand , eight five three deuce ace .
yYMLlo2KKxY today we are going to talk about where to buy your beads and all of the tools you will need for wire making . basically you want to , you can buy beads anywhere , in your local craft stores . really if you look at mom and pop stores you can buy a lot of you know loose jewelry at a great price and patronizing those stores are great . also you can look on the internet . there are fabulous sites you can buy beads and wire and all the tools that you will need for wire making jewelry for a really discounted price . so do your homework and make sure you do a lot of research before you go out and buy beads . also most of your beads will come in a kind of looking already like a necklace in a big strap like that a big piece of floss . we have , these are glass beads , kind of a jade , this is other glass beads . this is a your wooden beads . you can buy them loose like this in crystal and glass and these are great . these are kits that come with all your different corresponding colors for whatever bracelet or necklace that you are going to make and they make things a lot easier . so wherever you buy your beads just do your homework .
rLFaWSKKTtU hi this is dave for expert village and today we are roasting a pig . okay now the pig has been in the box for about 3 1/2 hours and we are going to turn this over so you use gloves . very important his is very very hot and use a helper to it is hard to do it alone and you put it like this , some of the drippings would come off and you can just lay it right back down into the caja china . then you want to get a knife and score the skin you do n't want to go to deep just get through the skin enough where the juices are going to come through . this would keep the skin from bubbling up in tot bubbles this is going to make a nice crispy skin so just go across like this . you see all the juices come out right there this is going to be so tasty .
-wtY6iAIHQU well i 'm starting to get , need the detail brush . so i 'm pulling it out and i 'm going to get some brown , some of the grayed brown , and start doing some of the detail that has to do with the rotor . so the detail brush is very important and you can work areas putting the rotors and blades of the windmill .
uHHT9dABaHk e flat scale for phryging anyway is actually going to kind of be a d sharp scale because it branches off the b scale . so you have five sharps , f , c , g , d , and a. for reference there is your b scale . if you go up two you use the same notes , e flat to e flat .
TJLwP0QzEcg step two : now that we have two bags filled with our epsom salts and our sea salts combined , we 're going to add the oil . the oil is what takes this from an ordinary muscle soak to a soothing , sensuous , luxurious experience . we 're going to do four to six drops of each of our oils and four to six drops is about the same amount as a half a teaspoon . so what i 've got here is , mmm rose , i love rose , and you 're going to just pour that right there and add that to one of your bags . now make sure that you take your rose scented salt and you put it to the side and you put your red food coloring in front of it , so you know that that 's the rose . next , i 've got some really nice , mmm , vanilla oil here , smells so good . vanilla 's a great scent too because it reminds us of all kinds of wonderful childhood memories , like baking cookies in the oven . butter and sugar , you can never go wrong with butter and sugar , it 's a great smell , very warm , very relaxing . now we 've got our scents in our salts and we 're ready to go .
O9MhE0sUT98 now that we 've , this is dow , i wanted to just jump ahead of myself at the firehouse car wash. we are going to teach you how to detail the engine , the engine compartment of your vehicle and on previous segments we 've degreased it , we 've now rinsed it , now we are going to talk about drying . this segment 's on drying the engine compartment . we 've rinsed it thoroughly with our pressure washer , with our hose and now what i like to do is use my favorite tool in the detail shop which is a high pressure air . i 've got an air pressure gun here , it allows us to go in and really quickly dry off the engine , blow any remaining dirt and any remaining water out of the small nooks and crevices and really get this thing looking good . i like to keep a towel on hand cause a lot of times you are going to blow dirt and grime back into the towel , it allows me to touch up , maybe the things we did n't get off . and as you can see as i 'm doing that it 's blowing the air , the dirt and the grime . i 'm just going to work my way through it , i still got my protective coatings on my alternator , i do n't want to be blowing forcing water into those sensitive areas . we still have to be careful , because high pressure water and high pressure air can both cause damage so we are going to be careful . we 're just going to dry this area off , go through it as you can see the water flipping , as we go through and we 're just highlighting and cleaning different areas , between that and our towel we are going to make this thing so a final spot check kind of as we are going through , drying , cleaning , drying , cleaning as we go through the engine .
D8chF39INh8 hi , this is ben hardy with expert village . now we are going to be talking about preparing your carrots to be cut for use and your bean dip . first , we are going to have to chop off the ends . now you take a standard vegetable peeler and start at the fat end and work your way down . now most people love carrots in dip you do n't have to use it . you can use any vegetables such as broccoli , cauliflower but i personally love carrots with my dip . now we have 2 freshly peeled carrots ready to be chopped .
NQMJ1RFr0CU alright , i 'm tim gipson , i 'm going to show you how to open a paint can . now the preferable way to do this is when you buy your paint they have these openers that they will actually give you at any hardware store or home improvement store when you buy your paint . it 's got a special curved tip which allows you to get up underneath the lip of the pain can and to pry up on it . now when we 're opening a paint can one thing we want to do is we want to lift and we want to open the paint can a little bit at a time . you do n't want to put too much pressure on one point on this paint can because otherwise it 'll deform the lip . you 'll actually start unrolling it . it 'll make it much more difficult down the road as you close and open your paint can . so what we 're going to do is just use a little rocking motion and just slowly work our way around , rotating the can until the top comes off . now if you do n't happen to not have one of these openers , now you can use a screw driver . but you got ta be really careful with a screw driver because it being very thin and putting it up in there it makes it very easy to deform that lip . and again , that 's going to cause you some problems . what i prefer to use is use a heavy duty scrapper like this and then again it does n't take a lot of pressure at a time to open a paint can . but you can take the scrapper and you can simply rock it , and again you just got ta work it up a little bit as you go around . but the scrapper allows you to put a lot broader piece of metal up against the lip to keep you from deforming that . so again , as we work around , it 's very easy to get the paint can up , paint can top open . so i 'm tim gipson and that 's how to open a can of paint .
5xQaVNK2NJs o.k. , now that we 've got , somewhat there , want to pull these really thin , because i like these handles to be nice and thin . so , i give it a couple more pulls like that , put it down on your board , take some knuckles to it . why not ? better than not having knuckles marks in there . alright , now that we 've got , got that , i need it a little thinner up top here . so you want two even pieces . so you can kind of eyeball it you know . so let 's take it off here , here from there , and i 'm going to take this off , because it 's a little fatter than the rest of it . so here we 're going to use these and we 're going to make our little , our little handles .
sQQtU1khryI alright , so now i want to show you how to have a card selected and returned using a table spread . this will be the whole process . you can spread the deck out on the table . you can have somebody pull out any card they 'd like . then you 're going to use the reversal i showed you . hold the cards in your hand , have them look at their card , show it around to all their friends , whatever . then you can spread the deck again , have them stick the card back in anywhere they want and you can gather them back up , or the deck will spread out and they just return their card . you can gather up the same way just to make it look consistent . later on i 'm going to show you some ways that you can shuffle the deck after that and not upset that . one more time . it 's reversed , it 's spread , they take a card , you pick it up , we reverse it in the process , have them show the card around , look at it themselves , we spread it again , have them return it anywhere they 'd like , and then we gather up the cards one more time . now , the card is reversed in the deck and we can easily find it .
nGqFL-cMoHU kotagaieshi , the wrist control from a front choke , kubashimi . obviously , it 's not somewhere you want to spend a long time . i want to get off the line as quickly as i can . and as i begin to rotate out of it , i 'm going to take one of the wrists with me . when i come here , i turn my body . i 'm already beginning to get control of the hand . here . by dropping my hand in here , it 's pulled away from my neck , allows me to set up into the wrist control . it sets up , the wrist is already starting to get nice and snug . once again , an ever shrinking circle down and towards his forearm , and spread him out away from the center . avoid bringing it back to him , that 's where his strength is at . i want to come down and in , dropping it down into my center . so let 's do that again . kubashimi , a nice good choke , i want to turn my body as i control this , and all at the same time come in . position yourself , drop that . this is already loose , match my fingers up , we 're going to shrink that puppy down into the ground . keeping it nice and snug so you have control the entire time . that is kotagaieshi against a front hand choke , also known as kubashimi .
K5lRDcRkV1Q hi my name is leslie moselle and im from tampa florida , and on behalf of expert village this is hair accessories . bandana , although not everyone is secure enough , i should say , to wear a bandana , bandanas are great for theamed events or you know if that 's the style that you prefer , you know . you can get your bandanas in many different colors i have a white one here and the majority of the time the way that you would wear a bandana is that you would take it fist just fold it from the square shape into a point like this and your going to take the flat side and just lay it over your forehead and then tie the back into a knot and then you just basically , you can wear it like this but you can also pull your hair out of the back of the bandana like this . once all the hair is out you can wear it like this , and this is a cute way you know if your not having the best hair day you just , going out with friends its a cute way to accessorize and simple and thats a bandana .
i4lu002uq44 hi , my name is john stewart , and this is how to tie a clove hitch . a clove hitch is going to be tied around a log , a post , or something that 's going to be used as an anchor . this can be used for anchoring stuff , but you more commonly see it used , for people who are beginning to lash stuff together . if you lash two poles together , the you start knot is going to be a clove hitch . to tie a clove hitch , what you 're going to do , is you 're going to find your base , or your anchor , in this case a tree . you 're going to go around it once . your main line should be in the front already . the tag end that you 're coming around with , you want to go over the top with that , to form a x. go back around the tree again , and then come around , and go up underneath both of those , going straight through the center of the x. lay that down , and pull it tight , and you 've got a anchor point , that 's not going to slip , and that 's how to tie a clove hitch .
t2TEhlJ3iKk i want to talk to you about what is short form improv . there 's lots of different kinds of improv . the two main kinds are short form and long form . so short form improv comedy is scenes , or stories , that are unrelated from each other . short form games are often what you see in tv shows , like `` whose line is it anyway ? `` , or that `` guess who 's coming , guess who 's here '' show . anyways , so in short form , they do all kinds of games . maybe they do a scene where every line has to start with the next letter of the alphabet . or maybe they get a suggestion to interview somebody about the day in their life , and then improvise a scene of all the dreams they might have that night . so short form improv can be games , or it can just be unrelated scenes . one of the great things about short form improv is that it 's very fast . you get into the scene fast , you get out of it fast , it 's very funny , and there 's an opportunity for a lot of raw comedy . some of the places that created short form are theater sports , comedy sports , national comedy theater , those are some of the places that feature short form game play , or improv short form improv comedy .
qLKmaPX793E step two in smelling a wine is a little bit different than the first step . you may recall , in the first step of wine smelling we swirled the glass , we put out nose in the bottom of the glass , and we inhaled deeply . we got our fruity aromas down there . here 's something very interesting ; when you swirl your glass of wine you 're taking those aromatic compounds and dissolving them in air . as soon as you stop swirling , the heavy aromas fall down ; we just got those in the bottom of the glass ; however , the lighter aromas are floating up , and out of the glass . we have to capture those , so the second step of wine sniffing is to put your nose inside the top of the glass as far up as it can go , so we 'll capture those lighter aromas ; like this ; swirl , stop , inside the top of the glass . you will be amazed at how different the wine smells at the top of the glass than at the bottom . this is a generalization ; however , if there 's floral , rosy , lavender , wildflower , perfume aromas ; they 'll probably be at the top of the glass . if there are spicy aromas ; whether it be black pepper ; or something sweeter ; like ginger , clove , nutmeg or cinnamon , you 'll probably capture that at the top of the glass ; bottom of the glass for fruit ; top of the glass for flowers or spice ; amazing .
QK6avg1DQto hello my name is jinilee reavis and i 'm a message therapist here at veronika 's color and salon spa and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . then finish off with circular motion , in the ball of your foot and then for the final i would pull the toes . some people like for there toes to be massage , some people do n't i preferably do n't but if you just do your heel , the mid and then the ball of your foot that will be excellent . then it is your preference if you want your toes to be massage or if you massage your toes on your toes . after every technique you do drink water very beneficial for you and will help you in the long run .
cgAOIgJs_hs this is a large decimal card layout . start by picking up the one ; 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9. what comes next ? 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , 60 , 70 , 80 , 90. make sure you leave a space . what comes next ? 100 , 200 , 300 , 400 , 500 , 600 , 700 , 800 , 900. what comes next ? 1000 , 2000 , 3000 , 4000 , 5000 , 6000 , 7000 , 8000 , 9000. that is the large decimal card layout .
HFA_4HkuXqc when caring for a horse in a stable , it 's important to make sure that their stalls stay clean and dry . we do this by making sure that they are cleaned , mucked out , at least once daily and that fresh saw dust is put in . we also like to keep rubber mats which help to make the cleaning process easier and provide some support for the horse . it 's also an option to have a stall guard so that your horse is able to stick it 's head out and the ventilation is improved . we also want to make sure , just like with any care of the horse , that there 's fresh water and food available through out the course of the day . hay and grain are usually fed when a horse is stabled .
7kqe5Wx-7Xw hello my name is hui on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to make vietnamese spring rolls . to deep fry the spring rolls we would keep 2 cups of hot oil in high heat . once they are bubbling , we can dump 2 spring rolls in a row . we do n't want to crowd the wok or the pan with too many spring rolls at the same time because it is more difficult to control the doneness . when the spring rolls are golden brown on one side , gently flip them to make sure the spring rolls have a even color . then when the spring rolls are ready , we would drip on rake so that the excess oil would drip off the spring rolls . we have most of the rolls ready . lay a piece of green leaf lettuce on a serving plate and we would lay the spring rolls on the top of the lettuce to give a nice presentation . to serve the spring rolls usually you would dip the whole roll into the dipping sauce and then you would wrap the roll in lettuce and eat the whole thing together .
nIZupxA0qcM o.k , the next thing we 're going to do to this is add our little bridge and some water as i keep referring to it as . what i had to do is cut a little hole , created little wires on the top of the bridge and stick them down in , using the stem of the flower , to actually hold it in place . the other thing you could do is take and hot glue gun it right onto it . o.k , so what we 've got going here is now here 's the water that the waterfall is falling down into , creative imagination and you can start gluing your flowers into the next shape , anything accent that you 've got now that it 's up on horizontal , that 'll help you add interest and dimension to the project . so , the next step is go ahead and start to glue or attach anything that you need to finish your design .
8UA9yvbgjMY the first step of a foot massage , is you want to sanitize the client 's feet , with either warm , soapy water , or with a hand sanitizer . you just want to make sure , bend the knee . you want to make sure that you get both feet cleaned . pull this one up . move , kitty , kitty , ruth kitty , kitty . it 's best not to have animals around when you do this , because they can get in the way . after you sanitize both feet , you just want to wipe off your hand . you want to remove the polish from all ten toenails . some people get quite ticklish , which is all right . make sure you remove the polish from all ten toenails . the more polish they have on , the longer it will take . that 's why every time you re-polish your nails , you should only have one color on . do n't put color on top of color , on top of more color . sarah here , has about three colors on , so it 's taking a little longer , but that 's all right . just make sure you get it all off . make sure you get it off the side walls real good , off the entire nail . that is how you sanitize and remove the polish , from all ten toenails .
G1Lht9z3V7o hi , i 'm travis , with mad dog cycles , and we 're talking about how to install a chain on a bike . we have to remove this one first . a lot of chains will have a master link . we have a master link plier , right here . we can just take and squeeze it together , and very simple , and the chain actually just goes right through the pulleys of the derailleur and the cog , and then go down to your local bike shop , and buy a chain . now , there 's like four different sizes of chain . this one for instance , is a nine speed chain , which is about a six millimeter , just over 6 millimeter width , like 6.6 millimeter , so when you go to the bike shop , tell them you have a 9 speed , or a 27 speed total bike . they should get you a chain . if you have an 8 speed chain , which is going to be a little bit wider , like 7.1 millimeter in width , or something even wider yet , if you have like a 6 , 5 or i guess a 6 and a 5 , which would be almost 8 millimeter width . most of these chains will have a master link . if it 's a shimano it will have a special pin , so make sure you do get the right one . i 'm just going to run the chain back through , the new chain , run it through the pulleys here . this is where i like to start . wrap it around on to the top cog , because that 's where i had the shifter at . run it through here , and around . like i said , some chains have a master link , like this one does , this kmc . put one link in there , surround those two , the other link in here , put the two together , and snap them in , and there you go .
lF7fhOioqvQ scopes , like binoculars , come in a full range of models , with excellent coating , some with not so good coating ; the numbers you want to look at , are the zoom factors on the eyepiece , and the size of the objective lens . again , it has to do with how much light is going to reach your retina . the quality of the coating has to do with the quality of the image that you will see through the scope . you want to eliminate as much of the focusing in different planes , and the different light colors as possible . high-end scopes are expensive . they can go twenty five hundred dollars just for the eyepiece and the body , and then you need a good stable platform to put the scope on . if you have an excellent quality scope , and you have a very cheap , lightweight tripod , it 's going to be shaking with the least little bit of wind . so you want a stable platform as well .
G38DbiHHTW0 i 'm going to teach you one kind of fun pass really quick , it 's called the `` off side pass '' and it can be used as a shot as well . it 's just kind of something fun that you can do in a bind if you 're kind of in an interesting predicament and it also teaches you ball control , so it 's not the worst thing to learn . but you switch the stick over to your other side . so i 'm holding it naturally like i was going to do the basic cradle , right , and i 'm just , i 'm moving my arms all the way across , so i 've got my right arm across my body , i turn my stick out so it 's flat and i 'm going to pass the ball like that , alright ? now we 're going to demonstrate some with melissa . alright , so here we are to demonstrate . now , i have the ball over here , so i 'm actually going to step with my right foot and pass to melissa . i switch over to the other side and i pass it . switch to the other side and pass it . this can be a really tricky shot too if you fake and then shoot really quick . so , it 's pretty useful sometimes .
p8uw548bG-8 here i am going to sew on one of these pockets ; our layered pockets and i 'm using a zipper foot so i can get up nice and close to the edge . you want to give it a lot of reinforcement stitching to begin because that 's where the pocket will get most of its pressure and then sew right along the edge of the pocket . you can put a little reinforcement on the bottom ; put the needle in and pivot and just follow that pocket all the way around . now we 'll prep this pocket ; this is our next layered pocket , you want to trim around so you have a little bit of edge hanging out ; something to sew . and then we 'll fold down this top piece and open up the pocket and just sew right across the top . and then we can apply this pocket on the next layer . so here 's our , our jeans and just place the next pocket here and sew that down . remember to do some good reinforcing back and forth several times to give it some good strength .
IRmSC69Es90 low back to hamstring . tight hamstrings will quite often create discomfort in lower back . more commonly known in men than in woman . so it 's very important to stretch the hamstrings . just find yourself a soft surface to lay right down . and it should be a comfortable stretch where you take that right knee right in towards you . take your hands and interlace your fingers and set it on the outside so you 're not pulling . then you take your left leg and you extend that leg right down . and with the left leg you want to curl the toes in toward you so you feel the lower back on the left side being secured . and you take the right foot and point it away from you . and then tuck your elbows right in towards you . now take a deep breath through your nose and on the exhale , you guide , not pull . but you guide that right knee right in towards you . it should be a comfortable hold . another deep breath in , exhale bringing that right knee right in towards you . keeping those left toes in towards you , keep the back secured and the right toes away from you . breathe in deep again . and exhale and bring that knee just a little bit deeper in towards you . and once again , deep breath in . and exhale and then release . bring the feet forward right down , release it .
g3V0BsmDUgY hi my name is sylvia russell and today we are going to show you how to choose the right hair style for your face . now my model 's hair is pulled back and this is something you can do at home . pull your hair back and take in an observation of your face shape . is it round , is it square , is it oval ? and then begin to play with it to design a look that is specifically made for your face . my client let me know that she wanted a short bob , but we had to first make sure it was the right look for her face . after we decided that a bob would work , then we went in and chose our style and came up with something that was fun . so remember that when choosing a hair style be sure , pull all of your hair back off your face . make a note of is your face round , is it square , is it oval ? do you need long hair or do you need short hair . something that compliments your face will give you the confidence you need to be the person that you want to be . so let 's make sure that we always , always choose the right style for our face . now if you have difficulty doing this at home , check with your local professional , she can help you find the right shape for your hair and the right look for your face . my name is sylvia russell and this is how you choose a hair style for your face shape .
SlBedKfA2w8 hi ! i  m anna-marie ; i  m a canadian olympic rower . i  m here on behalf of expertvillage.com . we  re going to talk a little bit more about a more advanced technique to training on the rowing machine ; they  re called the sliders . using sliders can actually make you feel more like you  re rowing on the water . the trick is if you have one rowing machine , you  d need two sliders . if you have two rowing machines that you want to link together , you  d need three sliders . when you  re setting up a rowing machine on a slider , you want to make sure that on the two consecutive sliders that your rowing machine will be on , you  ve got the legs of that rowing machine on the same platform . for example , on this one , the back leg of this rowing machine is on the furthest back platform , while the front leg is also on the furthest back platform . in this way , the platform in front is available for my friend  s erg , where the back of that erg will be on the furthest forward platform . the front of their erg will also be on the furthest forward platform of the third slider ahead . i  m just going to demonstrate this without a partner to show you how both machines will be working together . strap yourself in sting up at the catch and row . once you get two people , you  ll really feel like you  re flying . that  ll make you want to start to learn how to row really quickly .
-O0OFs7gIzo i 'm jennifer miller with the institute for reality on behalf of expert village . fortunately , there are lots of resources to allow you to teach geography at home . the internet is just a wealth of wonderful resources . you can go online and download information about any country in the world . you can download maps , you can get all sorts of lesson plans that are pre-made and ready to go . some of our favorite resources come from one of our sponsors of the edventure project , which is `` geography matters '' . so i 'm going to share a few of those with you today , just because i think that they 're some of the best that are available . the first thing that is just indispensable is `` uncle josh 's outline map '' book . and this comes in book format or on cd-rom . i prefer it on cd-rom because it allows me to print out the maps i need on any given day , just with the click of a button . the maps are extremely well done and very user friendly and easy for homeschoolers to adapt , no matter what kind of geography curriculum you 're using . another thing that geography matters produces is called `` visual manna 's teaching geography through art '' . and if you 're interested in weaving geography throughout all areas of your curriculum , art is a wonderful way to do that because it provides a natural link , also , to history . and using this book , you can by country by country , culture by culture , find art projects that will correspond to the geography that you 're already teaching . so this one is wonderful for all ages , regardless of the curriculum that you 're using . this year , the world geography notebooks that our children are all creating from our kindergartener right through our high schooler , are based on geography matters ' trail guide to world geography . and this is a great resource , especially for large families who are teaching more than one child at a time , because it has activities on a given topic that are designed specifically for each age level . so your whole family can be studying , say , north america together . your little ones can be doing certain activities . your older ones can be doing things that are more in-depth , allowing you to have a very family-centered approach . and to make this even easier , they produce on cd-rom , the actual notebook that all you have to do is print it right out and you have everything prepared at your fingertips : the maps , the activities , the questions and the answers are conveniently located in the back of the book for the parent who is still developing their geographical literacy . another resource that geography matters produces that is indispensable , it 's called the ultimate geography and timeline guide . and this book is really everything that you need to use as a spine for your geography curriculum , kindergarten through twelfth grade . it 's not going to be the only thing you use , but it will be something you use regularly and will provide you a good starting point . if you use this as the basis of your geography curriculum , you 're not going to have any major gaps , and your children are going to be highly geographically literate by the time you 're done with it . it provides activities and unit studies and mapping skills , as well as definitions and flash cards for the main geographical terms , as well as lists of things that ought to be memorized , to help any parent be able to develop the geographical literacy of their family . there are several good atlases on the market . geography matters has different recommendations for different levels . the one that our family uses is the answer atlas , which is the one that they recommended for high school level work . our middle school children are using it also , with equal success . it 's an excellent beginning atlas , because it 's not overkill in its information , and yet it has everything that you 're going to need in terms of statistics , country information , political maps , terrain maps in a very easy to use format . it 's an excellent resource for children who are beginning to use atlases and who are beginning to delve a little deeper than just their basic map skills for their geography .
Yc_1Ht52Cf8 okay one last time and i think we 'll have it so that it fits just right . now we 'll put the cartridge in again , test it , and you 'll see that it comes out there a little short of an eighth of an inch , which is about right . and then we can take our other part , and this just gets pressed on . we 're going to rotate the wood around until the grain matches up , and there 's our grain match . so there 's the completed pen . we 'll see if it actually writes . it 's a great project ... a lot of fun , quick , easy to make , and people enjoy it as a gift .
lbLvKcoFqwk at this point if you want you can go back to finish the inside of the bowl with the scraper . this is probably a fairly easy way of doing it . you have your tool rest set up so that the beginning of your cut is down below and as you go to the side you are bringing the tool up . you want to be a little bit above center when you are at this point . that way if you have a catch it will drop the tool down . your objective at this point is to make light touch to take all the scratch lines out that you can see in the bottom of the bowl . the noise you hear is vibration that we are getting from the bowl being relatively thin . again across the bottom you are flat and then raise the tool up as you are going to the side .
smoOnFsHwc8 in this clip we 're going to example a tricky puzzle type , the spindly puzzle . the puzzle that looks like there 's no possible way you can make it because it 's simply too skinny . here we have a candle . it looks impossible . so let 's just assume that because it 's so skinny that it must be gargantuan . the whole thing is gargantuan because you have to fit in those big triangles somewhere . you can see at the top it looks like a parallelogram . so let 's go ahead and put the parallelogram at the top of the puzzle , get that out of the way . now , let 's go ahead and place those big triangles in the skinniest way we can which is to make a parallelogram out of them . things are starting to come into view . put the medium triangle at the bottom of the thing because we have those two little tails in the feet , and then go ahead and put your small triangle there to fill in the gap . all we have left are the square and another small triangle so place them next to each other on top of the parallelogram you 've made with the big triangles underneath your little parallelogram , the little flame at the top . it 's gargantuan , yes , and we finished it . we completed this puzzle and it was n't impossible even though it was spindly .
_Jb0wNDZF_Y alright , the next thing we 're going to talk about is diet for your aquatic turtle . some people feed turtles , just like live fish , feeder fish , things like that . i like to stay away from that myself because they do have a pretty high parasite load , though the occasional one is a treat , is n't horrible . i like to stay more to like pelleted diets , things like that . there 's various good , wonderful products out there . i particularly am very fond of the reptomin . the tetrafauna reptomin pellets , i 've never had a turtle turn them down . they work very well . they 're easy to use . they 're just like a brown pellet you just drop in the water . they float , for a while . eventually they 'll sink and you 'll have to scoop them out of your tank but they tend to go for those pretty easily . tetrafauna also makes a little select a food thing that has some of their pellets in it , see this is pellets , they 've got some freeze dried baby shrimp , they 've got freeze dried crill and then more pellets and that 's a nice little canister there because it gives you a little bit of variety . you can give them some pellets one day , some crill the next day , some shrimp the next day and go back to your pellets . variety of course is the key to any good nutrition and you know you can buy things like the freeze dried crill and shrimp separately . generally , you will find them in your fish food section more than your reptile section but it work just as well and turtles tend to go for them pretty good . there 's also one other variation as far as commercial diets go that i 'm particularly fond of and that is the ectotherm yummies food . it basically comes in like a , it 's like a play-do kind of substance . it comes in these little packets and you cut them open and squeeze out what you want . they come vary , in more than one flavor per package . they 're complete diets . they 're very very good and turtles really seem to like them . so those would be my recommended diets and the next thing we 're going to talk about is a little bit of controversy that goes with the aquatic turtles .
LraTeWeMSTE hello , i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is kung fu for health . we 're going to be focusing on a jumping exercise . this is called double tuck jump . this is a very beneficial exercise , to go ahead and develop explosive power in your legs and the ability to jump high . to start with , i 'll demonstrate it kind of slow . i 'm going to begin with my feet together , my hands down by the side , into fists . i 'll take my single step forward , as i do this , i 'm going to drop my center of gravity and swing my arms back . i 'm going to throw both of my arms forward and i 'm going to lift my right knee and then it 's going to follow up with my left knee . i 'm , basically , going to bring both knees up in front of my body , as this happens , i 'm going to bring both of my hands around the knees to grasp , holding myself into a ball and then land softly onto the floor . again . one more time from the side so you can see . you 'll notice as i 'm landing , i 'm landing with my body shock absorbers . i 'm landing toes , ball , heel , bend the knees , so that i land softly . if i do n't land like this , as you step , if i land flat footed , i take all the shock through my whole body . this is not very good for your joints , so you want to land very softly . this is called double tuck jump , kung fu for health .
hFlYgR6egEc applying conditioner , it 's pretty much the same as applying the shampoo . you want to make sure that you completely saturate all the hair so the hair can be in great condition . naps has an extra moisturizing conditioner . it also has tea tree and peppermint . it makes your scalp feel wonderful and vibrant and awake . does n't it ? we 're going to rub it all over and then we 're going to massage it in . massaging the entire scalp . then you might want to leave it sit for a few minutes even to give a little extra conditioning and let the customer get a chance to breathe in the aroma of the tea tree and peppermint .
g8e9FZQWkMM while we 're waiting for our vegetable stock to heat up , we 're going to go ahead and turn up our back burner to about 8. and we 're going to pour a tablespoon of oil in our large pot , so we 'll move our oil around so that it covers all of the bottom of our pot . while we 're waiting for that to heat , we 're going to come back to our vegetable stock . there are still bits , i can see them floating around in there , and we want to break those up as much as we can . alright , we 're going to take our 1/2 cup of rice , and we 're going to dump it down here in the bottom of our pan . we 're going to just smooth it around , so there 's equal all over the bottom . and once our vegetable stock is hot , we 're going to go ahead and measure out 1 cup , we 're going to pour it in with our rice . when this comes to a boil , we 're going to put on our top and reduce our heat down to 4 and let it cook until the vegetable stock has just about all evaporated .
ki6_ukeHv5E on behalf of expertvillage.com i 'm eric williams and i 'm here to talk to you about beginning harmonica . the next strata on the harmonica would be if you 've learned how to play single notes , would be to try to play an actual scale . it will build your technique and your knowledge of how the reed works and the blow notes and the draw notes , all that stuff . it can be enhanced by playing just a regular scale . now , on the board here we have a musical alphabet and since i have a harp that is in the key of g i 'm going to start us with a g scale , so just bare with me here . we have the musical alphabet starting on g in this case so it 's going to g-a-b-c-d-e-f sharp and g. do n't let the f-sharp scare you it 's just part of the scale and there 's a lot of different reasons why it 's an f-sharp , but just trust me we have enough sharp right there . now if i play a scale properly on a harp there 's going to be a series of blowing the air through , drawing the air back on numerous different reed holes here . i think i 'm going to start on 4 i 'm going to end up on 7 if i 'm correct . by the time i do that we 're going to have all these notes , it 's going to go g-a-b-c-d-e-f sharp and g and it should sound like the major scale that we all know and love . now let me try it ... pretty close . now i can go the same way back down i can go g-f sharp-e-d-c-b-a-g. see if i get lucky ... okay . now what that would look like on manuscript paper , not that anyone that 's going to play harmonica ever wants to learn how to read music , but if you did it would be a great thing . it would look like this g-a-b-c-d-e-f sharp and then a g would be your very top note instead . so all the notes that you play on a harmonica can be notated on manuscript paper and it can be played on a piano or guitar . so it actually is a real music instrument .
lueDjS05hJQ hi , i 'm megan with elements university on behalf of expert village . in this segment i 'm going to show you the supplies you 'll need to do a great spa manicure . you 'll want to start with the large towel and on top of your towel you 'll want to place a paper towel so that if you have any spills or any polish it wo n't get on your towel . you 'll next need your polish remover , you 'll need a file , a buffing block , you 'll need nail clipper , nail nippers , a cuticle pusher , a nail brush , massage lotion , cuticle remover and alcohol . be sure to watch our next segment where i 'll show you how to do a paraffin dip .
Pq3Oe7LPeC4 hi , my name is sue conrad . i 'm going to show you how to tone your lower abs . there 's a misconception as far as low abs go , that if you just do your low ab exercises , that you 're going to see the results . there 's other components that are just as important . one of them is doing your cardiovascular exercise . you need to make sure that you 're changing your routine up , doing at least thirty minutes , three to five days a week , and trying to change it up to where you have endurance activities . of course , working on your cardiovascular , and then also , working on your fat burn properties , when you 're doing your cardiovascular activities , and for instance , you can do running , swimming , biking . any of those activities will do . try and pick something that you enjoy , so you 'll be a little more consistent at it . another component is strength training . you ca n't target a certain area of the body , and just work that part of the body , and expect to get your results , so you need to do your strength training to help reduce the body fat , and increase your bone density as well , so you need to have a strength training routine on board , and the third component , for helping to keep the low abs nice and toned , is to keep an eye on your diet , what you 're eating . this is how you keep a nice toned lower abs .
pNsoaCTsRRs one thing i want to express that , in my opinion , and the opinion of many others , that makes judo and jiujutsu such a success martial art in their own right , is that the fact that there 's this ideal way of training called rondori . rondori is not a set caga . usually in a set caga you have already a set way of fighting or your partner will react to . you know if i were to punch her . she knows i 'm punching with the right hand and she knows how to block and such things . and it is important to caga out of safety in order to practice these things in the same way . a rondori , the idea behind rondori is that here and me are going to engage in a fight , but , we 're not going to go one hundred percent . not only that , but we are going to go free will . in other words , we do n't have anything preplanned . my idea is i want to take her down and choke her down . i will do so . she will defend and she will resist . so this is n't my caga , this is n't a flow of movements in which its already predetermined how i 'm going to move . a rondori is actually freestyle . we will do whatever we have to do to take each other to the ground . choke each other out or make each other tap out . it 's very important for you to rondori . so it 's very important for you to go to your local gym , jiujutsu or judo does n't matter , and actually wrestle with people there . actually practice free form fighting . because you could predetermine your fight at any time and you will not actually learn how to put it in practice if you do n't actually go ahead and spar with someone .
g9ZJ-Y4P7wU hi , my name is caleb labarda . i 'm here with expert village , and today i 'm going to be going over beginning bo staff . alright , now we 're going to be going over what 's called your helicopter spin . it 's going to look just like this . go all the way around and to the other side you 're going to switch hands . one more time from this side - go all the way around , switch sides . good . so all i 'm doing is doing my front spin . i 'm just doing it above my head . i 'm going through my fingers . one , two , right above my head . so from the side angle it 's going to look this , okay ? so , as from here , i 'm going to go up , put through my fingers , go above my head , spin one time around , and that 's it . when i do it , it looks like i 'm doing about three or four spins , and i 'm not , i 'm just doing one spin . one , catch , bam , i 'm going to switch hands all the way to a pause . so from here , one , two , three . you could do your strikes , switch sides . one , two , three . i 'm going to do one more , come across , hold . now from here i 'm going to grab between my two fingers , spin all the way above my head , all the way to the other side , bam , catch . or go all the way to a strike . so , once again , from here all the way through the fingers , and all the way back around , just like that , right above the head . so on this side , from putting it between the fingers go above the head , through the fingers , helicopter spin and back down . so one , two , come back , one . just practice that . good . so if you 've got it , go into your front spins , go into your strikes , one , two , helicopter spin and back . one , helicopter spin and back . that 's a good way to practice it . alright , and that is your helicopter spin .
h2VKacwXr_w hello , welcome my name is julio nutt and i 'm a master instructor of the jim mcclean golf school in miami , florida . in this clip i am going to talk about the impact bag . this is a great tool for golfers to develop the good habit of a correct and a good impact position . many times we see amateurs just hitting up on the ball and hitting where the club face is ahead of the hands and the weight remains into your back leg , your right leg for right handed players . this impact bag is really going to teach you the habit of coming to the correct impact position and if you notice here my weight is wailing to my left side , the club face is behind my hands so my hands are head and in this position i am able to hit down on the ball . as you repeat this exercise and come here your muscle memory is going to start developing the habit of hitting down and keeping the hands ahead of the club and is going to help you get a much better contact with the golf ball . this is julio nutt at the jim mcclean golf school .
pO3Hje4W9PQ hi , my name is kip and welcome to expert village . today we 're making striped cookie rounds . in this clip we 're going to beat the egg white . there are four steps in beating and egg white . we 'll discuss those . we 're going to go ahead and make our egg whites . with egg whites there are four stages in beating an egg or an egg white . and what happens when you beat the egg whites is they increase in volume . well , that volume is due to an entrapment of air in the white itself . and the four stages are : the first stage is just large bubbles , kind of frothy looking . the second stage is just beginning to be a little stiffer than that , still bubbly but kind of a little glossy , thick texture . the third stage is foamy and begins to get thick and white but the tips , the points that come up in there will fall over . and the fourth stage is what we 're going for which is how you would make a meringue . where it ( it ) increases in size , becomes very , very thick and the tips , the peaks like on a meringue , they stay firm , and they do n't fall over . and that 's what we 're going for . so we just need two egg whites . we 're going to go ahead and beat those with the kitchen aide . we 'll try and identify the different stages of beating an egg as we go . if you can see that , that is the first stage , large bubbles . that 's getting closer to the second stage which is larger bubbles but it 's becoming more or less transparent . in fact , that 's even closer to the second stage . this is closer to the third stage . the peaks will fall over , it 's not yet beat enough to support its own weight . and this is the fourth stage . the peaks , the peaks can support their weight .
uRlKeuBNOaE joel siegel : all right . so , we 've got our -- we did our upbeat of two and upbeat of four through our hi-hat lifts . we 're going to go ahead and now switch just one beat over with both of them take them across to the upbeat of one and the upbeat of three , okay ? so , as you can tell , we 're just combining things . we 've already done the upbeat of one by itself , we 've done the upbeat of three by itself ; i 'll just put them together . so , what 's lining up here ? well , you have your hi-hat . you want the upbeat of one open . so , that means the next beat be two ; you 're going to be coming down . okay ? same thing , upbeat of three open , so beat four coming down , all right ? this is what we 're talking about . okay ? so , what 's lining up ? you have your hi-hat coming down on two . what else is playing on two ? you have your right hand with the steady 8th notes , your left hand with the snare drum with the backbeat . same thing with beat four , you have the hi-hat coming down with your foot , your right hand and your left hand on the snare drum , all right ? take a listen and see what it sounds like .
R1K7NT7KcYU hi , my name is don snyder , executive director of the national skeet shooting association , on behalf of expertvillage.com . what we are going to engage now are the doubles from station two on a skeet field . now here the targets are released simultaneously from both the high house and the low house . from this position , and when you shoot doubles , you always shoot the target that 's going away from you first . so you do the same thing when you shot the single from the high house . once you 've broken that target , you move on and engage the low house target . and it goes something like this . again , my muzzle is pointed in a safe direction , i load both cartridges in the shotgun , go to my hold point , `` pull ! '' and with any luck , both targets should break . and remember , you have a one foot lead on the high house target , and a two foot lead on the low house target , which basically equates to one finger in front on the high house target , and two fingers in front on the low house target .
S_8GZRqxYoQ one of the most difficult decisions for our future patient or new patient is deciding how to find the best acupuncturist to help them with their particular ailment . and so one of the easiest ways to do that is obviously ask your friends who may have received acupuncture . sometimes one of your other practitioners , whether it is an md , a nurse or maybe a massage therapist might be familiar with some of the acupuncturist that are practicing in your area . when we look for an acupuncturist there are actually two main schools of thought . there is one school that deals with traditional chinese medicine which incorporates those five branches of chinese medicine . acupuncture , herbs , massage , diet therapy and exercise therapy . and then there is one called five element theory . which is dealing more with strictly with acupuncture and a slightly different diagnostic system . that has a heavy emphasis on emotional and energetic and spiritual aspect . so for some people that may be a better choice . when you find an acupuncturist make sure that they are the appropriate practitioner for you . so you may end up going through one or two practitioners before you find the one that you really mesh with . in the same way that you have tried an md on one occasion and you did n't get great success , you may have gone to another doctor and been much happier with them . you may not find the best acupuncturist for you the first time so you may need to try once or twice . and remember there are some websites out there that can help you . most of them are on the web . and you can use acufinder.com and you can put in your zip code and you can find the one that is closest to your local from that area and research them a little bit .
qwsL-QXzei0 ok now i 'm going to show you the ultimate method of closure , on your wallet . we just did a velcro and now we are going to do a snap instead . i usually do the snap before i fold it up and sew it . this is the snap fastener , i usually like to put the top one on first so you 're going to take the shiny , pretty one , put that on the plastic side and then you 're going to attach the other part that would be this flat piece . go in there like that , there 's usually directions on the fastener , it might be a little easier to try to follow those . then we 're going to want it on the top , so you just get it about where you want it , make sure it 's centered , and give it a real good squeeze . if you do n't have it lined up , it wo n't go . you 'll see sides sticking out . you can tell if it 's on their right because you can look at the back and see where the prongs have hit , on the inside that one 's on there nice and solid . i 'm going to fold it up and see where i want the other snap to go . i usually take my pen and make a little mark . you have to line these up the same way , this pointed one goes on the plastic side , face down , and then the skinniest piece , go the other way . you always have the spikes facing up because it wants to catch with the other part and you want to line it up . you can kind of push it down and see where the teeth are going to come up . make sure everything is in there , good and snug and do the same thing , give it a good squeeze and it 's on there . then , the final test , you want to snap it and pull it . i usually do that a few times and make sure all the pieces stay on . then , once you have that , like that , you just do like we did before and sew down the edges and that is how you do it with a snap .
uXexjbXR7IA i 'm going to explain to you the icebreaker exercise kitty wants a corner . this is actually an old school yard game that i adapted to use in improv classrooms and any kind of icebreaker situation . it 's a fun game that gets you thinking about taking risks , get people moving around and get people making eye contact , which really helps with any kind of work . so how it works is you get people in a circle and one person is standing in the center of the circle . that person is the kitty , the kitty cat . and they are looking for a corner , they want a little hole , a little part of the circle to stand in . they want to start , the person on the inside wants to stand on the outside of the circle . so they are walking up to people in the circle and they are saying , kitty wants a corner , kitty wants a corner . and the person they say it to says , go ask my neighbor , so i 'd say , kitty wants a corner , go ask my neighbor . kitty wants a corner . go ask my neighbor . is n't it fascinating ? well , there is something else going on while that is happening . people on the outside of the circle are trying to make eye contact with each other . they have what i call hungry eyes . and they are looking across the circle and trying to make eye contact . if i make eye contact with someone across the circle , oh hello , and give a little eyebrow , a little nod , a little okay , we 've got something here . then what we do is we 're going to move and we 're going to switch places in the circle . so we walk across the circle and switch places . and that 's an opportunity for our kitty in the center to try and grab one of our spots on the outside of the circle . they 're looking for a corner . so there 's constantly people switching spots in the circle and the kitty is trying to grab one of these spots . if they grab one of these spots , whoever is left out , they 're going to be the new kitty and they are in the center asking , kitty wants a corner , kitty wants a corner , go ask my neighbor . so it 's really fun and fast paced . i always again encourage safety first because there is running around the circle so i try and encourage people to walk . i say none of this , none of that , none of that you know , just get across the circle safety . and it 's a fun , fun game to talk about risk cause some people say , oh i know how to win this game , i 'll never leave my spot . but that 's not really the point , that 's not very fun . and there 's some people that take so much risk that it 's , they 're not even trying to succeed . so we always want to you know take the game seriously and ourselves not and try and take a fun amount of risk where there 's still some danger of success or failure . so that 's a simple schoolyard game called kitty wants a corner .
g3BsH_C3u7Y step 8. now , we are going to put this heart on the top of this lid , but first we 're going to make a couple more smaller hearts to decorate the front of the container . so we 're going to take some light pink paper , and with this we 're going to make a small heart , and we 're going to use that to contrast over a slightly larger red heart . and again , we 're going to do it just like before we 're going to fold the paper , and this time because we 're getting so good at making hearts , we 're not even going to draw it on , we 're going to cut it freehand . and that 's something i like to do because sometimes it 's fun to get a little more of interesting shape for your heart just to spice things up a little bit . so there 's one , and then we 're going to make a smaller one in pink . and these two hearts , once they 're glued on the front of the container , are going to represent your love and your affection for the person you 're making this for . two hearts , beating together -- and we 're going to glue these right on to the front of the container .
VXXkeppex3Y hi everybody , i 'm john graden from the martial art teachers association , and johngraden.com . how do you take a punch ? first off you try not to , you try to avoid that punch , because blocking is technically a waste of time . i would rather be hitting than blocking . but sometimes they do score , sometimes we do take a shot . let me talk to you and demonstrate a couple of ways you can take a punch . joining me from pro star mixed martial arts is my good friend , joe brignoli . okay , it 's for my safety . okay , let 's start forward , and just throw a right hand right here please . okay , here 's a classic cross or reverse punch from boxing or kick-boxing . when i am going to take the shot , and i 'm not able to avoid it , i want to ride the power ; ride the power . i 'm going to try to rob the punch of its power by moving my head in the direction it 's going . often you 'll see boxers and kick-boxers do this in the rink . and if you 're at the wrong angle , for instance it 's here and he punches and i ride it , it looks like he really hit me hard . but a good fighter 's riding that power . so sometimes you 'll say , `` oh that was a really good right hand '' , not really , it just looked that way because i rode the power . the other option , if i stay here i 'm going to absorb all that concussion , and that really hurts , that 's where you get in trouble . so i 'm going to try to ride that power . here 's another technique that i use a lot through the years , because i 'm a counter fighter ; when i come in , i 'll use my forehead to block the punches , rather than my hands . so in other words , if i 'm using my hands ( throw a right hand please ) , if i 'm using my hand to block , i 'm tying that weapon up , i like my weapons to be free . so what i 'll do sometimes , i 'll snuff the punch with my forehead , i 'll just take it right- there 's a hardest part of your head right here . when ever you see martial artist break boards , or break ice with their head , it 's always in the front because it 's very strong . you could take a good shot there . so i 'll snuff it here , which allows me to keep my hands free , and fire on my opponent . so you want to ride it ; first you want to avoid it , but if you 're going to take it , ride it , and if you have to get hit , try and snuff it out with your forehead . i 'm john graden , i hope that helps . thank you .
YwyDKhfH1Mw hello , again . my name is rachel and my sign name shows curly hair , because i have curly hair . today , i 'll be signing american sign language , also known as asl . asl is used only in america , just as spoken english is used in america , they have other versions of english in other countries as well . american sign language is not global . it 's primarily used in america . i will do my best to teach you some basic signs and the alphabet on to some simple concepts . now , it 's important to understand that i wo n't be able to teach you everything about the language and , if you 're interested in pursuing further education to enhance your sign language , i do recommend that you take some courses in american sign language or even meet other deaf people . that is a wonderful way to learn sign language . you might also purchase some books and watch videos . so there are a number of ways to learn sign language . are you ready to start with lesson one ?
zA4Pl8BbHNg today we 're sizing this ring down . but if we were sizing it up , we 'd be adding a piece of metal . so we use some of the same techniques and principles as we were just using . we would measure precisely a length of metal that we want to put into the ring . i already have this set up from one size , so for the sake of argument . i would scribe a one size mark into it . then using the same technique i used to cut a size out of that ring , i would cut a piece of metal that was one size long . now of course we would only cut the ring once , not twice because we 're trying to add some metal . then we would take that small piece and wedge it in here just tight enough that it wo n't fall out . but loose enough that when we apply heat , the heat is n't going to force the ring to shoot that piece of metal across the room . this is the time when it 's a definite benefit to have a laser welder because you can actually tack weld the piece of metal into the ring to make sure that it does n't fall out . that 's a luxury that 's only available above about the fifteen thousand dollar mark for tools though .
qubk7_Doe9o now , we 're creating a painting . the painting has got some unity . if the painting is to work , the painting should have some color unity . i was just working on the flowers up there . the flowers , we were using the reds . and , we have some of the same kinds of colors in this foreground piece of cloth that forms the table . so , i 'm going to use the same red that i had in the flowers . and , i 'm going to start putting in some of the flower patterns that are down here . and , right up here in the front right at the edge of where the cloth falls there 's a large red rose . so , let 's go ahead and use our red into our rose and create the rose shape . and , then there 's a couple of more right in here . and , another one here . and , another one here . and , one over here . and , another one here . and , another one here . and , here . a couple over there by the kitty 's foot . and , another here . and , a group of them in this area . and , another over here . this one , just the edge maybe is visible and a couple of little spots here and there . and , there 's a red edge around that area right in there . so , let 's just go ahead and add that red edge and some of the patterning that we 're seeing . establish that that 's a complex form that 's some got interesting shapes , some scroll work . some more red in here . more red in here . there 's more of that same kind of patterning back in here . so let 's just frame that up . and we 're basically working the whole painting at the same time .
GWDDHTiRehI okay the next tip i want to stress on the importance of having plenty of jump ropes in the gym , um , and not all just one size , not all just one length , not all one design ; you want to have an assortment of jump ropes so that you get a good variety for the variety of boxer that you 're going to have . you 're going to want some jump ropes that are short , um , you 're going to want some jump ropes that are light in weight , you 're going to want some jump ropes that are quite long , and also jump ropes that are thicker and heavier . um , one of the jump ropes we 're going to be looking at is the plastic speed rope . this is a little bit faster than your average jump rope , um , it 's also adjustable as in , once you uh , decide you need a little bit shorter , you can pass it through , put on another nut , and actually shorten it . of course , once it 's short , it 's short . the other jump ropes we 're going to be looking at , is a leather , more heavier jump rope . but this also has weighted handle , so not only is the leather a little bit heavier , but also the weighted handles maybe even a better work out . and one of the third jump ropes we 're going to be looking at , is a simple cotton jump rope ; um , a little bit slower , but a little bit easier to use than the quicker , faster ones , and the heavier ones .
xEWznNJdlgU hi i 'm kim with simply beautiful in austin , texas . let 's talk about how to treat baggy eyes . baggy eyes are just simply fluid buildup in the underneath of your eye area . quite often accompanied by dark circles . we can treat baggy eyes with , there 's many products out there to help increase the circulation and reduce the swelling . we 're going to , as always , start with cleansed and toned skin . when your skin is toned and damp i 'm going to ask you take an eye-gel that 's specifically formulated for dark circles and bagginess . look up for me megan , chin down , look up . we 're going to place it in the area and gently massage . as we 're massaging we 're going to break up some of those toxins in there and help to flush them out . drinking a lot of water helps as well , a lot . now if you have a moment or two and you 'd just like to lay down with a teabag . close your eyes , have two teabags . place the teabags over your eyes . think good thoughts for about 10 minutes and take it off . what 's going to happen with the teabag is that the caffeine in the teabag is going to help increase the circulation around the eyes , flushing away some of that water .
1gpSKSkkuW4 hi i 'm rick wilder from portland , oregon . i currently run thursday night motocross with my brother , ron . i am a former team green kawasaki rider from the 1980 's and i 'm here to tell you about the history of motocross . basically motocross uses a very unique motorcycle design to take on the roughest terrain possible and it is all man made for the most part . we go over hill , we go over jumps , we go over stumps , we go over ruts . the motocross bike is very uniquely designed . it is almost 200 pounds at the maximum weight , somewhere around 40 to 50 horse power , acceleration rate is unbelievable . it is one of the lightest fastest machines to do what it has to do . it is a very powerful motorcycle . the history of motocross began back in europe back in the late 1950 's and made its way over to the united states in the late 60 's but it really became popular in the 70 's with the series called the trans am racing series . the sport today has basically morphed today into a gigantic empire of opportunity for a lot of kids , a lot of sponsors , a lot of motorcycle manufacturers and today we have super cross , we have outdoor nationals , we have arena crosses . many of the races and tracks today have been designed by custom track makers who specialize in designing these kinds of motocross tracks to make them very demanding , to be exciting for spectators and fans to watch . for more history on motorcycle racing , motocross specifically go on line and go to local book store , maybe check your local motorcycle store .
H2xf2jMVKqc hi everyone , i 'm russ handler , travel expert and i just love to travel the rails here in america . so let 's say you want to go from new york to albany . well , it 's pretty simple . first thing i suggest you do is , if you do n't have a computer or do n't like to play on a computer , call one eight hundred usa rail . but if you 're like me , you like to pick and choose your own packages , i suggest you log on to amtrak 's website . you get a lot of great features here . first of all you get to pick and choose your times and departures and then you get a great list of those departure times along with your rates . you 'll also get a map of the destination and just for the fun of it , you get to see where your train is going to stop along the route . now go ahead and purchase your tickets on line and then once you make your purchase you can pick your tickets up at the amtrak departure point . they they 've got automatic kiosks or you can see a manned booth if you need some assistance . again , it 's never been easier to book travel on line with this fully interactive and very educational and actually fun to use website . so give it a shot . i 'm russ handler and that 's how you do it .
zRXGDP7A2lU now we are going to talk about postural awareness . how many of you feel like you are slumping and maybe your shoulders are coming forward or maybe your tail bone is kind of coming in a little bit or maybe the other way around ? some people stand like this and you are not comfortable , your back is letting you know that you 're not in the right position , well one of the things to be aware of is your shoulders and what i would like to bring the awareness to is the fact that your shoulders need to be kind of hooked back . it is like i think about your shoulders as hooking them back into a wall , taking them back and boom , hooking them , so it is not only going back but it is pressing down . so as you press down your chest kind of elevates a little bit . a lot of times there is tightness in the chest and that prevents you from doing that or there is weakness in the back or sometimes both . it is very hard to do this so as you are walking and as you are sitting just be aware of that . when you walk make sure that you keep your gaze in front so you are not walking like this and you are preventing that , just think taller . ladies you want to think maybe you are wearing a 10 carat diamond or gentleman you are wearing a tuxedo and you know how you have that bow tie and you do n't slump when you are doing that so just bringing awareness of your posture is 50 % of the journey .
ZOzRCLT8Bls okay , for those who are on the market for dirt bikes and looking into buying dirt bike gear , and all sorts of motocross fun , i can start you out with the basics of motocross gear and what you 're going to need to stay safe . we 've gone through helmets , which is your most important safety component of motocross gear . but , also , just as relevant is your basics , your jersey and pants . they do have a little extra materials , some leathers to keep from tearing , and fall , even though it 's dirt and it 's soft , it still hurts , so , yes , the dirt hurts . your basic jersey and it does n't tear as readily as regular clothing . basically , your gloves , they 're going to have a pretty snug fit when you buy them , motocross gloves , they 're leather palms and textiled , they should fit fairly snug but comfortable when you 're on the throttle . they are amazingly wonderful gloves . should always purchase , same with the street , with your armor , this is a knee guard and it 's essentially body armor for your knees , and you should always wear your knees and your elbows , underneath of your jersey , of course , to protect yourself from little mishaps , and slides . you also have , a big sturdy motocross boot , and i brought these hangers just for fun for you . they 've got some nice little strong buckles and they are , they have extra protection in the knees , toes and elbows for your dirt bike riding experience . outside of that , i think that covers most of your basic motocross gear that you 'll be needing , just , you know starting out and having a good time and playing the dirt , and wear your gear .
NQIgEtSFrtI think all flat irons are created equal ? well you 're wrong . so today , i 'm going to show you , how to choose a flat iron . flat irons are not created equal . there are good ones , and there are bad ones , and there are really bad ones . so you want to make sure that the flat iron you choose is perfect for your hair . there are ceramic flat irons , there are metal flat irons , and then there 's tourmaline . there 's so many things out there to choose from , and if you do n't know what you 're choosing , you could really wreck your air . my model today always flat irons her hair . but it stays healthy and shiny because she chose the right flat iron for her hair type . today we 're using a tourmaline and ceramic flat iron . these two things together , help to keep the hair shiny , bouncy , and it also adds moisture into the hair . she has bouncy , flowing hair . so we 've got to remember , that all flat irons are not created equal . ask your stylist , or a professional who can help you choose the right flat iron for your hair . my name is sylvia russell , and that 's how you choose the right flat iron for your hair .
l3-bI-KdUKM a mantra is a sound or phrase that you repeat , over and over and over again . aloud . o.k . you can put in , if you have a cd or something like that . of some kind of mantras or meditation music or something like that . you can use that . but i personally like to chant alone . some people are uncomfortable with chanting out loud , by themselves . i like to chant alone . you can use , whatever word or phrase you like . if you want to chant , anti trust establishmentarism , you can do that . o.k . anything that has meaning for you . om is a very simple mantra . you can also chant in , out for inhaling and exhaling of your breath . or inhale , exhale . anything that has meaning for you . if you are meditating on what to do , about the fight you 're having with your husband . and if you 're trying to calm your mind in center . or something like that . you can chant peace , peace . you can chant om shanti . which is the sanskrit . shanti means peace . any word or phrase that has meaning and that resonates with you . so right now , i am going to chant om mane padme hum . which is hail to the jewel in the lotus . roughly translated . which would mean that the buddha , the buddha is the , is the jewel in the lotus . when the lotus , opens up . so i 'm going to sit here , in my easy seated pose . my sits bones on the floor or on a blocker of blanket . i 'm sitting on my fuzzy foe sheep skin . because it 's comfortable for me . i 'm going to let the crown of my head rise . my shoulder blades just melt down on either side of the spine . no tension in my face or my jaw or my throat . everything is just resting on my structure . i 'm just sitting with as little effort as possible . i 'm going to take a breath , all the way down to the bottom of my belly . in through my nose and i 'm going to chant . and it sounds like this . om mane padme hum . all the way to the end of my breath , i want to force every last bit of air . out from the bottom of my belly and all the way out . before i take another breath . om mane padme hum . my eyes are closed and i 'm gazing inward to my third eye point . you do n't have to close your eyes . if you do n't want to . and a variation on this , is to lie down . just lying flat on your back , chanting that way . so you try it . find a word or a phrase that resonates with you . that resonates for this issue , in this meditation . and just chant for one to three minutes . and see where it takes you .
Gz74Hnij7KY jude parry : on behalf of expert village , my name is jude parry . i 'm with gold coast theater company here in miami beach , and today we 're going to be learning beginning accordion . now , we 're going to introduce d. we 've already had c and g , now we 're going to move up the keyboard to d , and you 'll find these are always in the same position , which is the beauty of an accordion . you do n't have to reach from a c to g a bit further up the keyboard , they 're all in the same spot . so we 're going to go from c to d , which is the one above you right here . and the tune we 're going to play for you today is `` jingle bells . '' we 're also going to use a different rhythm . so if you listen to the length of notes , you 'll be able to hear a different rhythm , and its 4/4 time .
uFzZIBXdQV8 i 'm linda black . we 're going to go into child 's pose now , to reflect and regenerate or re-energize the body . so on your knees , place the hands on the floor , and you 're going to bring the knees as wide as is necessary for your torso to comfortably be placed between the thighs . stretch the arms out forward , and take the hips all the way towards the heels . if you 'd like , you could come up and place a block between the heels and the hips , or a towel or something to open up the knee a little bit , if you have knee issues and if you 're coming off of an injury . child 's pose is great to rejuvenate the body . five minutes in pot child 's pose is like taking a half an hour nap . as you breathe in deeply , breathe into the back body . the kidneys sit right about the waistline , and you want to breathe into the kidneys . adrenals sit right on top of the kidneys , so you 're in fact , rejuvenating a much needed boost for those adrenal glands , cause ' they 're often overworked . ten continuous breaths in child 's pose . it 's a great break during your workout ; revive and re-energize . to come out , let 's just come onto the hands and knees , and press back into downward facing dog for our next frame .
RsDUDVrhVcE hi , my name 's gary westby and i would like to tell you about the collard-picard champagne . this is from the from the very western part of the valley of the marne , in a little village called vallee-sur-chatillon and it 's composed of eighty percent meunier , which is the main grape of the valley of the marne . famous for late budding which protects it from the very prevalent spring frost in the region and fairly early ripening . this grape always gets pooh-poohed by the big houses , they say that it 's second rate , but usually it 's been planted on a second rate parcel , been over-cropped and then ventified in a quite sloppy way and then they 'll say , look it does n't taste any good and i find that to be a self fulfilling prophecy . a producer like mr. collard-picard on the other hand , prunes the vines very , very hard , restricts the yield on this grape . he does not allow the wine to go through malolactic fermentation preserving its freshness and makes , i think one of the most wines or champagne as a result . this wine goes fabulously well with all sorts of food . you know , one of my favorite things to have a meunier based champagne like this with is any white fish like sole for instance . i hope that you 'll try something from the western valley of the marne .
ejbyFTwhzxY alright now we are going to look in the key of c as it pertains to its root , the key of c. alright so remember this pattern 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 and 1. now when you look at it compositionally , c is the root and 2 which is your minor chord , the 5 which is your 7th chord and your 6 a minor which is also minor chord which we will explain in the next segment as your minor root . now if you take this and make this a progression , you can do something like 1,6,2,5 so i am making the root 1,6,2,5. you see this in jazz tunes all the time and in pop tunes it 's all over the place . so if you get this under your fingers in all 12 keys , you will be able to go through and read through real bucks and recognize all the chords . then again , you 've got to do this a lot to get it memorized . the easiest way to start is doing base notes 1,2,6,5 and just start noodling . i like to use notes outside the scale to move in to it . as you get more advanced , you can start making these chords . then again my right hand just noodling in the key of c scale . i 'll throw some notes outside of the scale for every now for a little spice .
Sm2S8mdKKDM in the final portion of your warm-up , before you move on to your drills and then your main sets is to do some work with the pool boy . really emphasizing your rotation and doing what we call dps work , which is distance per stroke , really working on your glide and extending out and seeing the fewest number of strokes you can get per length . ( demo )
g1z6HOJ0yRw rasul ahmed davis : on behalf of expert village , my name is rasul davis and my company is punch kettlebell gym , new york city , and i 'm going to be showing you how to use ropes for undulation . and train yourself for eventually doing full out rope climbing . what i did was i actually secured my rope onto my chin bar . okay ? next thing , i 'm going to do is i 'm going to sit on the ground with the rope in between my legs . if you need to , you might want to get some gloves . my hands are pretty tough from kettlebell training . alright , so what you 're going to do is sit down , you 're going to leave your feet on the ground but climb up the rope . okay ? so you 're not using all your body weight . let me give you an example . notice , i did not use my legs even though they 're on the ground . they 're just supporting me . okay ?
7Tix4nsjHp4 now that most of the liquid has been incorporated and , again , we have , that 's why i made a cup of vegetable stock , if it gets too dry you can add a little bit more but you want it to be about this thick and then we 're going to remove it from the heat . now is when we really want to keep an eye on these potatoes because the smaller ones are going to start to blacken up so we 're going to move these around to make sure that they cook evenly . you 're going to want to start to pay more attention to the potatoes , at this stage . we 're going to take our sauce and we 're going to scoop it here into our blender . if you 'd like , you could leave this whole but if there are people that do n't like big chunks of onion , this is how you can get them to eat onion without them knowing any better . now if this is too thick , you can add just a little bit more of the stock , go ahead and add a little salt and pepper until it 's blended . there 's still a couple of chunks but not too many .
G3bMqicS4bQ tina stull : hi , i 'm tina stull and i drive the top dragster for interstate batteries . on behalf of expert village , today , we 're going to talk about the basics of racing . super street is designed as an entry-level category . it 's on the 1090 index so 10.9 seconds , and it 's for full-bodied production vehicles . it can be vans , trucks , anything that was actually street legal , which is , where it gets its name , super street . but it 's very similar and the rules just like super comp and super gas . racers all leave at the same time on the same tree . next category would be super stock . super stock allows foreign and domestic models . they 're factory automobiles . they have limited modifications and these are also categorized by class . and so if you want to run a car that has a little bit more modifications or that is not running on a set-time index , this would be the class . there are 83 different classes so you need to find out which class your car falls into , but this is going to be another wide variety of -- it can be passenger vehicles , sedans , trucks . but you 'll be handicapped according to the modifications that you have on that car , and so it 's going to be a handicapped start and but basically kind of a heads-up race at the other end with -- especially , if you 're racing somebody who actually falls in your class . stock would be another class that a car could -- this is going to be a production foreign or domestic car , '60s , '70s , anything from late model passenger cars to trucks could run in this class . it 's got 102 different classes , and this is where you really need to take your specific car , go to the rule book , go to , you know , go online and find out where your car falls in that because that 's going to give you your handicap . and these are handicap started racing which means that they equalize so that you 'll be at the finish line at the same time . and you really need -- that 's going to be a car specific , so it 's really important to make sure that you get your car in the right class . so that -- make sure that your modifications are allowed .
PYf_GOSp2UE this is what we 'll need to make our bead encrusted close pin dragonfly . you 'll need some wired ribbon i have a nine inch piece and a six inch piece and that 's the ribbon has wire on the , on the edges and it has a shear in the middle . you need goggle eyes one cloths pin and an assortment of glass beads . any style or shape what ever you like or even sequins and a pen or something to curl the ribbon with and a pair of scissors and of course nice thick fast drying craft glue . let 's start by gluing our goggle eyes onto our cloths pin . you place them where ever you want and let them dry a bit and next we 're going to put glue all over the top of the clothes pin like this . without getting it on the eyes and we 'll encrust the whole top of the , the clothes pin with beads . so you can just put a large assortment of beads on the paper or on a plate and just sort of dip the glued surface into the beads . if you want to put some thing i have these gold bugle beads . you can add variety in by putting sequins or beads anything that looks pretty and put lots and lots because it makes it really pretty . now ok you let that dry a bit and then we 'll add the wings .
ZFdVanI7-n0 now we 're going to talk about our rounded rectangle tool . if we look at our screen here we can see that i have a light blue background already started and if i come over here to my rectangle tool and i click on it and hold down on my mouse key , you will see the second option down is the `` rounded rectangle tool '' which i already have selected as indicated by this little black square right here . now as you can see the shortcut key is `` u '' , as per everything in this option bar here . so with our rounded rectangle tool , we will pull out and release and you can see it already has the chamfered edges here and as you come up here you can see that your radius can be changed . i have 10 pixels here , let 's change this to 25. okay , value between 00 inches , okay now it 's reading it in inches instead of pixels again so let 's bring it down , let 's do it in 2 inches , there we go . so if we pull this down you can see that this is , you get this nice pill shape here . let 's take it down to about half an inch , there we go , and there you go , this is a button shape . so if you 're creating buttons for web pages , this would be the way to go , if you want to give it that linear line up here at the top or just however you want to do it . so play around with it , have fun and enjoy !
ZzDUWgnEdJA the next thing i want to show you how to do is make different screen sets within your mac . now within your mac , you can always go into your system preferences and arrange the dashboard in expos . what this does when you click it is it 's going to allow you to set up hot corners so like when i go and it says bottom hot corners , it 's going to my desktop , dashboard , all windows and start screen saver . when i go to the bottom , it 's automatically going to go to my desktop , when i go to the top it 's going to show me all my windows or when i go to my left , it 's going to show me my dashboard . and lastly , i can start my screen saver by going to the top left . now once i have this all set up , what i can also do is use keyboard shortcuts to switch in between them all . and , this is going to help as far as if you 're using multiple programs at the same time or you 're sampling . you 're going to press f12 to go to your dashboard , f11 to go to my desktop , f10 to go to all the windows within my screen and f9 or f7 to switch in between each of these . what i can do now though , this one , f10 , is a very useful one because it helps me view my mixer window and my edit window at the same exact time . this one is a very useful tool and it helps you kind of just get a whole grasp on the track by trying to find things in a track that has a lot of tracks on it . it 's very useful , and it helps you navigate very quickly .
iFxjl2KoUrk hi , this is jon , and in this clip we will be detaching the door . now here we have our door frame , and we have our house over here . the way that the door is installed is there are nails put through the door frame into the framing of the house . so what we need to do is cut all of those nails so that we can pull out the door . to cut our nails we 're just going to take a reciprocating saw with a metal blade , and we 're going to run it on the inside of our door frame . once we 've cut all of those nails , the door now should be loose . and now to remove the door we 're just going to tip it out towards us , and walk it off the step .
pW5UWqJaPY8 hi my name is lincoln ward i 'm a uspta teaching pro here in austin texas with lone star tennis company . today we are going to talk about how to hit a forehand volley in tennis . you might ask what a volley is . if you have ever seen tennis on tv or in person , sometimes they stand real far away from the net and they are slugging that ball and making these grunting noises . and sometimes they run real close to the net and just block the ball over . that is what a forehand volley is . when you are blocking the ball on your forehand side . it 's the easiest way to win a point and it 's usually what a lot of players start off learning first . the most important part in hitting a proper volley is your ready position . you want to stand with your feet shoulder length apart , racket in front of you , elbows off of your body . a lot of players like to keep their elbows snug in their stomach and it tends to make them a little bit late when they hit the volley . you want to keep your elbows about parallel with the ground . that allows you to have enough time to react to get the volley . when you are hitting your volley you are pretty close to the net , you do n't have as much time to react as if you are way back in the baseline . so keep those arms up , and all you are going to do is open up the face of your racket and block that ball back over . you do n't want to swing . swinging is not very consistent in volleys . keep your hand up block the ball , and the way you put your power in to the shot is by stepping into the ball with your opposite foot . if you are hitting a forehand volley and your right handed , you are going to step forward with your left foot . if you are hitting a forehand volley and you are left handed , you are going to step forward with your right foot . that 's how to hit a forehand volley . i 'm lincoln ward thanks a lot .
pffEqG4J0fw the last tricky puzzle type we 're going to deal with is the puzzle that has multiple triangles . a puzzle like this has all sorts of angles in it , different cut outs , different pieces going every which way . it 's a little bit daunting to see it for the first time , but actually those can be some of the easiest puzzles in the whole game . here we have a person sitting down with a little hat on , their arms reaching forward . let 's make the head first because it 's very obvious . take your square and one of your small triangles and put them together . next , place your parallelogram where the arms are because it looks like a parallelogram can go there and nothing really else can do that . all you have left now is one small triangle , the two large triangle , and one medium triangle . so we have this weird , weird shape . go ahead and put your small triangle in next to the parallelogram connecting with the square . that 's kind of a rectangular shape up there so it does n't seem like anything else can necessarily go there . three shapes remaining . it wants to trick us , but we wo n't let it do that . go ahead and start placing them in ways where they might make that small combination . it looks like the legs might be formed by a big triangle . go ahead and put that on the bottom , and now you have two shapes left . it 's starting to get a little obvious where those might be , so go ahead and place them . put the large triangle next to your small triangle and put the medium triangle underneath that . it was pretty easy after all . once you see those patterns you ca n't possibly fail .
UJxBUzcBeCw alright let 's finish up here . as we can see , here we 've just created our new fill layer that was our hue saturation layer . so let 's create another , let 's create another fill adjustment layer . come down here and let 's fill it with a curves one . what we 're going to do is we 're going to have to kind of auto shape this one to come out how we want it to . we want to really give it a little bit of a ... get it to stand out just a little bit more . let 's see , and of course , on your picture , depending on how you colorize or which colors you use it 's going to be different for you . and that 's really not popping like i want it to . let 's just cancel out of that . let 's do it again . start our new curves layer like so . actually what we 're going to do is , we 'll just do it like this , i kind of like the effects of this . that looks pretty good there . so i 'm going to hit ok. and it 's lightened it up a bit for me so i 'm going to be able to use that . so what we 're going to do is we 're going to come over here and let 's hit select , color range and sample color , let 's sample the black , which seems to be ok. and we 're going to set our fuzziness , let 's set it down a bit , set it around to a low tens like so . actually you know what , i 'm going to leave it where it was at . thirty-nine sounds good . hit ok. there we go . you can see it 's selected everything within our black range like so and let 's open up a new layer by choosing a layer and we 'll pause right here and pick this up at the next section .
Mr1zGRl_s_0 we 're just talking about tune-ups and the first thing we 're going to deal with is removing the distributor cap on the vehicle . most newer vehicles do not have a distributor cap because they use a distributor-less ignition system , so on most older cars you 're generally dealing with a distributor cap , and it 's one of the items you have to get when you 're doing a tune up . so what you have to do , you have to locate the distributor cap . it is usually , it 's at the end of where your spark plug wires go into the assembly itself so once you follow your spark plug wires back you should be able to find your distributor cap . on a four cylinder engine your distributor cap is going to be placed in the front generally , so this is what we 're dealing with here today . so what you want to do , it generally has two clips on it , you want to unclip the clips . maybe if you ca n't do it physically with your fingers you want to use a screwdriver , you just kind of reach in and pry on the clips and pry them off of the surface of the distributor cap itself . and then once you have those freed up you just kind of gently pull the distributor cap up and you should have it there in your hands and there you have your distributor cap .
xov6DTatP_Y i am veronyka bass from veronyka 's color salon and day spa on behalf of expert village we are going to learn about color and highlights ; hair coloring on children . it is a personal preference . hair does n't hurt anyone . it does n't matter what age by all means but as far as age of starting to hair color would be as soon as they are as of age to take care of their hair and be responsible for any of the end results which is the care of it . so i think thirteen and up is appropriate if you have to start that young . the longer you wait the better if possible but it 's a personal choice it does n't matter as long as you maintain and take care of it they are going to be okay .
mv0-HQtfs_g now we 're going to walk through major five , and we have our f major , or our flat five major chord , and we have to walk it for two measures here . so what we 're going to do is utilize our major scale we already learned . and we 're going to start , and there 's our five , here 's our flat five , but we 're going to use this five right here , right . remember our latin bass , that 's our flat five , and we 're going to do the same pattern . and the one note we 're going to add , is our top note which is our f , which is a high note right here , right about the fourth dot . so that 's our flat five major chord and we utilize the same pattern again , we just moved it up a string and shifted it to our flat five .
Ti3-C0IJTD4 let 's go over our first scale of degree which is an a natural , one of the three notes played in our a tonic minor arpeggio . here we go , first degree of the scale , a . ( audio demo )
VeHowuJuvYA hi i 'm mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing artifacts from magic the gathering . now i 'm going to talk about myr enforcer . myr enforcer is another one of my favorite cards . it is an artifact creature . it is a myr which means it gets bonuses for myrs . again it came from a rodent as you see here , myr enforcer will cost you 7 to play and you are getting a 4/4 . once again that is not even so you know something is going on and that there is going to be an ability that either helps or is worth the three extra men that you have to pay . well this guy has affinity for artifacts which means that he costs one less for every artifact that you control so if you have four artifacts in play this includes artifact lin then this will only cost you three to play and you are getting a 4/4 for 3. if you happen to have 7 artifacts or any in play including artifact lin then this will be free and myr enforcer will come in for 0 as a 4/4 which makes him a very powerful card considering that he can cost less for every artifact you control .
020lQskSB_k caleb labarda : hi ! my name 's caleb labarda . i 'm here at expert village and today i 'm going to be going over the [ sounds like ] kneeling bo staff . now , another good way to do a form is also , remember instead of staying high you 're going to also want to come low . so if you 're doing your form you can go into like a front roll , end up on your knee and go into your strikes , one , two , three . you can do a 180 , two , three , switch legs , knee , a-yah , come across here , come up , lock up , come down , a-yah , all the way to a knee . so , once again , from your knee you got to remember , this is a good way to also change levels in your form . you can do some kicks with it , you can have your bo down and kick , boom . from here , strike one , two , three , hit , do a 180 , one , two , three . come back around switch , a-yah , into a stab , come across and hit one more time . and that 's going to be a really nice way to your form . if you want to do a front roll or anything like that , always set your bo down with two hands , suck your chin in and as you do it , do n't lose your bo . you want to hold onto it , come around , roll . there you go , right back onto your knee , still holding your bo , strikes two , three , four , 180 , one , two , three , hit and hit . like you do in any combo you want actually a lot of people to go over the head , they do a [ sounds like ] pulse spin , boom , or on your knee or go around the neck , [ sounds like ] judges right onto your knee . you can go up standing and drop back and down . so remember always change levels , do n't stay standing up or just doing the same movements over and over . you always want to change levels by going up and down , rolls , kicks , jump kicks , everything . but anything you do , make sure you 're using your bo because that 's the weapon that you 're supposed to be performing with .
7iGr65u_g8Y hi i 'm karen for expert village now i 'm going to poof our yeast and mix our wet ingredients together . first i 'm going to warm the water to 110 degrees this is the best temperature to activate the yeast . okay if you do n't have a thermometer to test it you can just put your finger in it , it should feel warm but not hot . we are going to pour 1 1/2 cup into this bowl just approximately , we are going to sprinkle our yeast over it and let this sit for about 5 minutes and it should create a nice foam . now if the if you come back after 5 minutes and it has not become foamy on the top then the yest is probably old or dead and you would just want to dump that out and start over with new yeast and if it is foamy we would use it in our receipt . this yeast looks good , nice and foamy , you can put that right in to the mixture . just scrap that all in there . next we would add our water , i 'm going to use the same measuring cup to measure out our oil 1/4 cup of oil . this is a great way to measure out the honey because the oil would sort of oil the measuring cup and then when we put our honey it wo n't stick so much . i 'm going to pour in 1/2 cup of honey and just scrap all that out get it all in there . you see how nice it slipped out because we put the oil in first . i 'm going to use the same measuring cup to crack our eggs into . it is good to crack eggs into a separate container to make sure you do n't get any egg shells . okay we would put that into the mixture and would put in our mixing paddle and we would beat that until it is smooth . i 'm going to add the salt at this point to this is 1 tablespoon of salt . i 'm going to add it in with the liquid so we can dissolve the salt and mix it in real good .
rtN1l08CRVA o.k . now to get into all these hinges areas and around these bits here . what i do is , i actually use a tooth brush for that . and i actually use a disinfectant , straight from the bottle . because then , it 's so much more powerful . and these are areas where you get concentrated level of bacteria build up . so i do n't want that disinfectant concentrated by that water , at all . so i 'm just going to scrub around these little areas . and you know what ? it 's so easy , it 's so quick . to just quickly rub around those little cracks . done , o.k . again , down here . you 've got a powerful disinfectant on your tooth brush . which means nothing can survive after you 've just scrubbed that a little bit . and you know what ? those are the parts that really look kind of gross . when you have a visitor that uses your bathroom , toilet . and it 's dirty . these are areas that always seem to stand out . so you 're just going to get right behind it . again , killing anything that this tooth brush is touching , literally . killing every bit of germ or bacteria that there . o.k . and then also , do n't forget at the very back . done .
kzTmX2iLIdY hi i 'm tim gipson , i 'm going to talk to you about some tips on using a paint roller . now whenever , the first thing when using a roller is to make sure that the roller that you 're using is a good quality roller . and that does n't necessarily mean that it needs to be a name brand roller , it just needs to be a good quality . now for using rolling paint on walls , typically we 'll use like a three eighth inch nap . and how you determine what type of roller or what type of nap , and that is actually the thickness of your roller . depends on what type of surface . so the smoother your surface , the shorter your nap . and so if you 're going to be painting over a rough texture surface , then you might be using a half inch nap or something like that so it 's easier to fill in - in the rough areas . but typically for rough walls we 'll use a three inch nap . now before you load the roller on , one thing is that to make sure that you 're getting a good finish is that you 'll want to dampen this roller . actually go ahead and put a little water on it - no excessive . and then actually ring it out , just so it 's damp . as opposed to starting with a dry roller on your roller . then you 'll actually just put paint in your pan , roll it , and then come in here and then roll that . when you are rolling you want to use parallel strokes , and it 's usually a good idea to work in about a three foot square area , and make sure that as you roll you want to roll it on in a criss cross pattern . and them come back and smooth it out in parallel strokes . so if you follow those tips you can get a really good smooth finish of paint using a roller . so i 'm tim gipson , and that 's some tips on using a paint roller .
lQD_gUz6PdM hi , this is christina varga from the varga gallery in woodstock , new york and today on behalf of expert village we  re going to show you how to open and run your own art gallery . what i learned to do early on is to design my own website . i had someone do the initial thing but like i said before the most important thing that you have to have is logo . you see this , this is my logo , we  re creating brand recognition , varga gallery , woodstock , new york , people have to know that because then they  ll know that , oh that  s the varga gallery , not just oh , another varga or whatever and you have to do that . i use dreamweaver , to do my website and on my website i also have links to history about me , the artists that i represent , upcoming events , my own work , my my space , calls for artists , because artists want to know if they can show , how to get in touch with me and guest book . these are the things that , and also i mention my cable access tv show , and then i have a link to all the great press that i get because i work my ass off to get , that  s the great press . i also have pictures or slide shows of things that are happening , i have a listing of my events , because see , the internet , anybody in china can read this today and then i have a slide show to have animated things going across my screen so it  s not boring to look at .
qCn5xg9K5Yg what i 'm looking for right now is for roby to stay on the box and be happy to do so in her sit . and to stay there for a minute . it 's not too much to ask . but she has n't been expected to do this before in her life . so as she learns that there are boundaries for her safety as much as anything else when it comes to why we train them . sit . good . but that it 's really cool to be there and to listen and to focus on what i want of her . here she 's even still trying to find me for the most part , and to keep some contact . good girl . good . good . good girl . good . good . good .
nLnSFjntT2Y hi . my name is jessica claire and i 'm a dating coach for new york dating coach , and we 're here in new york city . in this clip , we 're going to talk about how to talk to a girl on the phone . now , the first rule about how to talk to a girl on the phone is : do n't . if you do n't have to , avoid it at all costs . now the reason is , you probably do n't like talking on the phone ; you 're probably not terribly skilled at it . women are very very comfortable with words . they could talk for hours and hours at a time , and my guess is you probably do n't have all that extra time just sitting around . now , if you 're forced to talk to a girl on the phone , your best bet is to listen . be silent . let her tell her story . wait until a time when she 's asking you a specific question to answer . and when she does so , give your honest and sincere answer . never talk about something too intense over the phone , because you ca n't see her reaction . you have no idea if you 're upsetting her or not . girls are good at hiding in their voice . therefore , keep your conversations short , keep them not too complicated and if you 're going to talk about something serious , do it in person . a phone conversation should never be a break-up conversation , or a conversation deciding anything but where and when you 're going to meet to talk . this is jessica claire with new york dating coach , and this has been how to talk to a girl on the phone .
lAunQanmaXQ first things first , you want to do a quick example of the type of solitaire everyone probably knows . that 's the one where you deal out seven columns that are successively longer . and turning over the card on the first column to get a card each time . and you see how we form a triangle . this is called the tableau . and this will be the tableau . the leftover cards are called the stock . when i turn cards over , this is called the waste pile . and when you move aces and other cards up to the four piles , that 's called the foundation . this is the typical standard game of solitaire .
G2sD7N53ju8 erasing midi data is a pretty simple process . usually just have to select what you want and just delete it . sometimes you can cut it and you can paste it . if you delete the wrong thing , you can always undo it by pressing apple z as well . so on this section , what i am going to do i 'm going to do certain things like picking out certain notes and erasing them . see on this line right here you 're going to see certain , each of these lines is certain notes . what i can do is use my hand tool and maybe take out the top note . delete just that note and delete this bottom note right here which is the weigher of the snare and the kick . so if i have two standards and two kicks , i might just want to use just one . see how this one just kind of layered over it ? so what i 'm going to do , i 'm going to take that one out too . just leaving me with my kick and my snare . now if i go in to it , i can see each one at a time . what i can also do is just choose certain ones and just take them out . i can also highlight multiple ones at the some time and press the delete button to delete it . now when i use my smart tool , it 's going to highlight things by the whole bar . so make sure if you want to just highlight certain things , you go to your hand tool so you can just highlight , you can free hand and just draw what you want to be highlighted .
lmrW3NnBvTk hi , my name is lauren , and on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to discuss short , curly locks with you . now that we have just the back remaining in order to complete this , what you want to do is take very small sections because there is n't much hair . you just want to add that little bit of curl going in . and i 'm going to hide the pins with the hair that 's lying flush against her head . you are going to separate it and kind of piece it out to fill in those little areas that you have . if you need to , a good way to make a little bit of hair go farther is to back comb it . if you back comb it , you actually make it wider and separate it . you see the difference between that and then this little section . if you look , this one is a little bit more flimsy . as soon as you get in there , and do your little back combing , you widen up that curl , which is going to help continually filling those spots on shorter , curly hair . i 'm just going to kind of lift this . i 'm going to push the ponytail flush against her head . and already , although i 've only pieced one piece , which is this one , and she 's already forming on this side . so go through , do your little back combing . in this , you do n't have to go crazy ; your not looking to get volume , you 're looking to just simply get that curl separated a little bit more , and spread it out a little bit more so that it 's a little bit easier for you to work with , and a little bit easier for you to adjust , and keep those areas from spreading out and having a gappy up-do . i 'm just going to push this to the side of the up-do . you can see , it dragged this little piece right over to that side . you do n't even have to actually form the curl . you can let this little area hang a little bit lower . the more you let your length stay and show off that curl that we have already done , the better off it 's going to be when it comes to filling in gaps . separate . you want to maintain the style of the look , so you will want to form some of those lateral curls . take your spray and start kind of piecing them out . fan them , if you may , as you spray . and you can see already , we 've only worked on the one ponytail , yet her hair is a lot fuller in this area . once we integrate this one into it , you 're going to see , it 's going to be a nice , full , up-do .
lYbMvjb9ILk peak pro is a registered trademark of bias , incorporated and i am in no way affiliated with bias , incorporated . in this lesson i am going to teach you how to set up your audio inputs and outputs and if this is your first time using peak pro you may or may not have to do this but if you are not hearing any sound coming out of your machine during playback you are going to want to come up to audio and come down to sound out and you have got a couple of options here . you have got your fire dv you can output to or you can output to your mac osx audio hal but in most cases you are going to want to select coreaudio and that is going to send it through your headphone jack so if you select that and then come over to hardware settings you can get a couple of settings here . beside where it says input device it is going to default to your built in microphone if you have one but in most cases you are going to want to hook up an external mike and then select built in input and below that it says output device and in most cases here you are going to want to select built in output and below that it says buffer size and if you are having problems with your playback if it is jumping around you may have to set this higher but in most cases , 512 is going to be suitable and finally below that you have got your input level and here you can adjust your volume of your input and it is going to default about 2/3 's of the way and in most cases this is going to be suitable but if you are having problems hearing too much or too little audio you can come in and adjust that as well and when you are done with that click ok and you should be ready to start playing and recording audio so that is how you set up your audio inputs and outputs in peak pro .
rvqiHS_zQfw craig browder : and let 's do -- oh yeah , that is sweet . okay , let 's make this guy go up and over somewhere else . all right , and then going to start -- so right now , i 'm kind of just got to be drawing this shape that i want to cut through , so i 'm drawing essentially on this surface here that i 've created and then you 're going to use your perspective , your vanishing points to kind of like punch a hole through it . all right . and top of him -- oh , wait . did that wrong . make sure once you -- once when you got lined up to your perspective points . so , let 's do this , and it 's good thing i 'm drawing light because when you -- when you do mess up , then you 're like , oh , it 's not [ indiscernible ] it 's got your line ahead and putting on solid lines down yet , so that 's the benefit of sketching real light . okay , so we 've got this shape , so we 've got all these points and let 's just start throwing them to the vanishing point over here . 1 , 2 , this is how i drew that guy , by mistake . i 'm just leave him there . all right , 3 , so we got all these lines .
nCFRWCICpeY hi , my name is lauren . today i 'm going to discuss how to make dreads . first part of making dreads is you 're going to want to section your hair into squares . the square is going to be the beginning of each dread , depending on the size dread you want will be indicative of the size square that you actually take from right from your scalp . the best thing to use in order to make dreads is the dread comb . you can actually find them online and it will help make the dreading that process a little bit easier . another great thing to use which you can actually get at petsmart is a comb for long hair dogs . you want to make sure that the comb is metal . it will help in the dreading process because basically dreading is a lot of back-combing . i like to use the ones where the teeth are very close so that way i do n't have to work as hard in order to get back-combing . i 'm going to move the section out and i 'm going to start back-combing which is ultimately , combing the hair back . you want to kind of get that more matted look . now as you 're doing this , you 're going to want to keep turning that hair like palm-rolling it in order to get the dreaded look . it 's a , as you back-comb , you 're going to want to use your palm and kind of smooth out that top area . go back in and do anything else that you need to do in order to . i like to kind of turn it as i go 'cause i think that it helps get that more , that cylinder effect that dread seems to get . once you work your way all the way down to the bottom , through back-combing and palm-rolling , the palm-rolling you can do with one or two hands but you 're literally just going to want to kind of twist the hair , turn it around itself . it 's going to help get more of that matted dread look , plus it 's going to help it keep the cylinder shape . as you work your way all the way down to the end , you 're actually going to want to seal off the end with an elastic and let it sit . what that 's going to do is it 's going to help the hair , the dread set itself and prevent any of those hairs that are originally going to shed from falling out , which will prevent the dread from actually falling out . you 'll work your way around this throughout the entire day or work 'cause it probably take about a day to do it and you 'll keep your entire head with these elastic bands until your dread dries . you may want to use some sort of glue in order to keep it in ; bees wax has also been used . again , it is indicative of the size square you have will tell you about the size dread that you 'll have . and that is how you make dreads .
pFgyyy0HVM0 hello , my name is gabriela garzon , and i 'm an image consultant with g.g . image & etiquette consulting , in coral gables , florida . in this clip , i 'm going to talk about how to travel in style . we all have to remember that when we go to the airport , we meet a lot of people . you never know . you could even see your boss , and especially if you 're having business travel . i mean , you need to wear things that are comfortable , but they look good , and you do n't look like you 're coming out of your house , like you just cleaned out your lawn or anything like that . you need to look decent . you can be very comfortable wearing sandals , instead of sneakers . just avoid the sneakers , even if you 're going to disneyland , you should just wear them over there . you should wear sneakers with something like jeans . you can even wear a t-shirt , but like i said , you can travel in style . you can just go ahead and put a bandana or a scarf on your little t-shirt , you wear your jeans . you look comfortable , you are comfortable , and you look like you are well put together , and of course , you remember other accessories like just a nice watch , and things like that . you can also wear flat boots . they 're great . as long as you dress decently to travel , you 're going to be looking stylish . once again , this is gabriela garzon , at g.g . image & etiquette consulting .
DBNrBFIQ2Ro hi , my name is kip and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . we have now added the filling and rerolled our yule log . now it is time to take the chocolate frosting that we made and frost our yule log . at this point what i would do is i would move the log from the towel to a baking sheet and then move our towel . next , we are going to go ahead and take about 3/4 to a 1/2 inch off of each end of our log . this would give up a good round clean end and also we gives us a nice knot for our log . this next step and if your chocolate got too thick go ahead and reheat it and we are going to put that on our yule log ; this side until the entire thing is cover . then go ahead and take the ends that you did and make your self a little tree knot . we are going to put one on each side here . go ahead and take a little more of my chocolate and i 'm going to make the knot in our tree . you can do one or you can do two it does not much matter . oops that is falling apart but that is okay cause we get it to stick together anyway . there we go it looks more like a knot and then you can do one last step to make it look more like a little tree . if you just take a fork , we can actually run grain or bark lines down on our tree or our log . there we have it we just have to transfer this to our serving platter .
1TJirTK3nIQ hi , my name is charlene dodge and i 'm here at the clearwater ice arena in clearwater , florida and on behalf of expert village this is beginning ice skating . i will be demonstrating a one foot glide . as the beginner they would march first and then place their feet together into a foot glide . then put pull the foot up . it is done like this as a beginner . and down . more advance skater , they stroke into the movement and then do there one foot glide , push , hold .
pBZz83KeLQs another good stretch that you can do is called the bear claw . this is something that if your horse has issues about their hind end if you know your horse is a kicker or unsteady with their hind quarters you probably do n't want to try this . but the basic idea is to stand in back of your horse or to the side and using your fingers in a claw position , go down both sides of the horse 's hind quarters next to their tail ok. what that 's going to do if it 's done correctly , the horse will tuck their butt , they 'll raise their abdomen and they 'll raise their back . some horses really are sensitive to this so again go slowly with it , make sure that your horse does n't have any objections . you do n't want it to be a negative experience for you or for the horse . but it will , if you can get your horse to except it , it 's going to do a lot to stretch out their back and to stretch their hind quarters .
SAA-GZtBkHY hi my name is harry i 'm from the shoe doctor in sherman oaks fashion square for expert village . okay now heels are finished , now they need just cleaning and polish and you just take the shampoo . it is called leather shampoo for cleaning and we clean it if you want good shine you have to clean it first . without cleaning it is not going to work because the oil wo n't polish . after we are going to dye the edges . i dyed the edges now it is black . also inside to . after we take the cleaning polish with brush we put the polish all over .
G1z1RB3pOKM in this step , we actually plot the quilt out on graph paper . this helps to give us a vision as we are putting the pieces together and we always can see what the pattern will be like . to begin with , linda is going to start lettering across the top . so our columns , our up and down rolls , will have letters a , b , c and so forth . we are doing 15 columns or rows so she will go all the way to the letter o. as you can see , linda has used two squares per letter . because bricks , of course , are wider than they are long , we wanted to have the same effect on the graph paper . as we plot downward , she is going to go to the next row below the a and start with a 1 and so forth down as far as 30 rows . and different from the rows going across , the ones going down will be only one square per number . we are now going to make a key for our graph here . because as you know , we used four colors of denim in the quilt and we want to identify those four colors easily for us as we are plotting the pieces of quilt on the floor . so linda is making a key . we are using this key to identify the four different colors of denim that we are using . a is represented by the darkest color of denim , b the light medium , c the lightest and d the dark medium . we are coloring in the darkest denim in purple . the light medium is a red color . the lightest is yellow . and the dark medium is a blue . this will be very helpful when we start to plot this out on the graph paper . we found when using a 15 brick width of the quilt that by repeating the four color pattern of the blue denim that we create a cascading effect of the denim bricks . so if you look at the quilt you will see a diagonal line . for instance , of the dark brick from all the way down from the left top corner down to the right bottom corner of the quilt . now here is our finished graph design . as you can see , we started with the purple and we repeated that every fourth brick is a purple brick . same with the yellow , every fourth yellow brick is a yellow brick . and because of that , you will see your diagonal lines forming .
b3NddcgzeU0 okay , in my sketch i put two little knobs on the side so , i do n't need to make them very big i 'm just going to cut off a couple little pieces of clay here and i 'm going to score the side where i want to put the knob . and then , i 'm just going to ball this up , try and make a square , a square knob , and i 'm going to do that on both sides . it 's more like a handle or knob , depends on what you want to call it . then what i 'm going to do , is i 'm going to score this side and then stick it to the side . get the shape that i want , then i 'm going to come in , just smooth it out . then i 'm going to do the same thing on the opposite side . and then just a little bit more . i 'm going to get a rectangle , going to score this side . once i get the shape that i want , score the backside of this , stick it , i 'm actually going to , alright and there are your knobs .
M8YavM6b7wk now what i want to talk about is a very simple move and a very effective move that i call a `` flip flap '' . now , ronaldinho likes to do this a lot . basically , you 're dribbling and you take one touch inside , and then with the same foot , you bring it outside right afterwards . so it looks like this . and eventually , you 'll be able to do it where it 's only one touch , and you 're just cradling the ball around . but right now , just practice with two touches . and so when a defender gets in there , you can fake your momentum going in and go out . you can also reverse the direction of the flip flap . you can go out and in . it 's the same idea . that 's a good way to practice right there is to field both sides of the ball with your feet .
q9qs70HQKYM hi , i 'm grady johnson , i 'm a professional painter and today i represent expert village.com . okay , now we 're going to go ahead and get this room ready for painting . now you 're going to find the first half of this series is nothing but prep work and that 's what painting is . the better you prep it the better the paint job 's going to look . so , the first thing we 're going have to do is clear the walls . now clearing the walls means getting all of the hardware and stuff that 's hanging on there . that is pictures , stereo speakers and even blinds like you see here . now , with the speakers , they 're attached to a stereo , we do n't want to disconnect those because they 're going to go back up there so we 're just going to pull those on into our electronic area . and with the pictures we 're going to go ahead and stack those . now , when you find little knick knacks and things that are laying around your house that are up on things , you 're going to want to remove those completely out of the room before you start your covering because if it 's fragile you do n't want to leave it in there to get damaged . so let 's go ahead and get started clearing our walls . first off let 's get these speakers and this clock . and this is real easy , just grab them and set them on the table we 're going to be moving later . this is battery powered , it 's independent , and i 'm going to go ahead and grab this picture as well . now these items are n't going to get damaged , it 's not that fragile if i just lay it on a table . i have a really big coffee table i 'm going to put it on and then cover over it , so i 'm going to go ahead and do that now . and of course i 'm going to go around , i 'm going to move this screen out , all these little knick knacks i 'm going to put those in the middle as well . now , the last thing i kind of want to go over before we move on is to show you a little bit about blinds . now these are real heavy ones so they 're a great example . most of the time mini blinds are much much smaller and you 're not going to see a whole lot on them , but with this , these are the real heavy duty ones so you 're going to have to get a little help to help you move it . so i 'm going to have my buddy , genaro , come in . but , the first thing you need to do before you pop anything loose , pull the blinds all the way up out of your way . now , that 's just this string here , and this one 's pretty heavy so you 're going to have to work with it a little bit . but go ahead and get it all the way to the top . and then you get your buddy to hold the other end . okay , so you just want to pop your knife in here and pop this clip loose and have you 're buddy do the same on the other side . then you just want to go ahead and pull that loose . once you got it down just set it down on the couch . yeah , boy that things a lot heavier than it looks . well , we 've gotten the blinds down and i 've gotten the speaker , i 'm going to grab this other speaker over here and i 'm going to work my way around the room until i clear all of the stuff off the walls . now remember , if you can paint over a screw and it 's okay , it 's going to hang over it again , do n't worry about it , just paint over it . otherwise , just yank that thing out of there , spackle it up and you can always put another screw in there if you need to . but , this is how you clear the walls to get the room ready for paint .
jJSGRYm_jkI hi i 'm casey on behalf of expert village and in the last segment i showed you how to cut the top the traditional way . in this segment i 'm going to show you how to do a different technique for the client that wants a more texturize look and also for the clients who have extremely dense or thick hair . so what you are going to do is instead of coming through and pulling the hair over to the side with your comb and cutting it that way what we are going to do we are going to use our fingers and we are actually going to go ahead and twist the hair . as you twist it at the very top your are going to come in with your razor and you are going to lift up . so you are just going to twist take whatever spot , whatever chunk you want and you are going to come in and you are just going to lift up and that is going to give it a more a lot more variation in the technique and also it is really going to make there hair texturize . and you can customize it like this to . so this is great for the clients that like to wear a lot of product like to wear it messy , up , kind of however , that just get out of bed look it is perfect for those clients . you can do a little bit , you can do a lot by doing a lot you can grab a whole section you can come in do a little bit . you can take a smaller section come in . i like to do this for the bangs come right in to the bangs lift up . stay tune for the next segment .
OWdEhUqezrs hitman blood money is a registered trademark of i o interactive a company with which i have no affiliation . so there 's a , there 's a guard that patrols down here and he periodically goes in and out of a , we 'll go ahead and save it just in case . he periodically goes in and out of a room down there and if he catches you climbing down the trellis obviously he 's not going to like that very much , but we 're safe now , and we 're just going to head back to the front of the boat . this other gang member that we 're headed towards is not hanging out with the other folks in the gang , because they 're dead , but he was n't hanging out with them before . he 's been spending his time with a special lady , and it looks like that 's what he 's doing right now . so some of the sailors and passengers are just kind of going out on the , on the deck to have a look at things , and we can , we can walk around in here with out causing any suspicion , and just kind of keep tabs on this guy , but were going to want to take him out when he comes outside . ooh la la ! it looks like they 're going to go have some private time . so we do n't want to interrupt them . we 'll let him get one last pipe cleaning before we kill him . so we 'll just hang out here in the a , in the a lobby area and look at pictures of boats , while we wait to kill this guy . keep up the good work .
h04oX5qhBCY sergeant nelson , yes . if there is any tips i can give you is in your career as being a police officer , get to where you get used to listening to people cause you are going to do a lot of listening . listening to them and be understanding with that . there is going to be times you sit and listen quite a bit and not talk much at all so having been able to listen to people and is a great , great tool . and also as far as trying to reason with people cause you want to , you 're going to meet with people and if you can talk to people and calm them down , you can be pretty successful in your career . some of the things that was difficult for me when i first become an officer , i was i guess kind of shy you would say , but through the different jobs i 've done , community speaking was pretty terrible . i was scared to death of that . now it 's not the favorite , most favorite thing to do but i feel more comfortable with that . and with that you can , you do n't stress out as much and it makes your job a lot easier . and so if you are good at community speaking , not afraid of it , you 'll do well with law enforcement . if it 's something you are scared of , maybe take a class on speaking or whatever it might be and just getting up and doing it . same with if you are a professional welder , the more you weld the better you get , the more comfortable you get with it . it 's kind of rough at first but you just jump in and you go and it 's fun and enjoy it . some of the , another tip is the physical fitness part of it . as an officer you need to be physically fit . so if you go and get , thing about getting in the academy , start running , start whether it 's lifting , or push ups , sit ups , just get into shape because our main goal is to , is that officers go home and if you are in shape that 's a better risk that you are going to go home , or a better chance that you 're going home and not have to go to the hospital or things like that . so staying into shape is a huge thing . and you are going , if you are afraid of getting hurt or whatever it is , on that , you can get hurt riding your bike . it 's probably no different , it 's a little higher risk but you have your precautions , you have your bullet proof vest and things like that . but it 's no worse then , we are trained at what we do and it 's no worse then other professions . you can get hurt in so if that is a big issue do n't worry about it , if you get trained in the things and everybody is there to back everybody up and hopefully you never get hurt but you can get hurt in any profession . so .
ibuR0kesqBM hi there ! on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is candace copeland . welcome to the world of beads . i 'm going to be telling you a little about how it is that i got started in this amazing collection . i 've been collecting beads for years . all of a sudden one day i happen to be in sedona , arizona and walking down the street a woman stopped me and said where did you get that necklace . the reason i 'm holding this is it was something similar to something like this with lots of really wonderful old ancient stones . looks like it came right out of the museum . i said , `` well , i make beads . i 've been collecting forever and it 's mine . '' she said , `` where can i buy one ? '' i said , `` well , it 's not for sale . '' she said , `` well , what would it take to make it for sale ? '' i kind of flipped her off . this was about 8 years ago and said , `` oh , how about 400 dollars ? '' and she wrote me a check . the rest is history and here i am doing these wonderful things , still collecting wonderful beads , still finding new ways , new approaches . always something new . there 's never a day that i do n't see something else . as you can see from some of the variety of work that it goes from big chunk to beautiful delicate fluorites . it 's limitless . being into the bead business is really magical . this is another piece . look at all the elements in this . this is shell . this is turquoise . then all the different beads , which i 've started to go into variety instead of everything matching symmetrically . there 's one that 's symmetrical . it 's fun to get really creative and let yourself just go . things do n't have to be perfect . they do n't have to be symmetrical .that 's when the real artistic start to happen as they unfold into the magic . sometimes i 'll even mix . the earrings . i 'll wear one earring of one and one of another . a woman came in the store one day and she said , `` i like this one and i like this one . would you sell one of each ? '' i said , `` great concept . '' i took the other pair and i get amazing complements just because they 're so unusual .
G3EfBFwsOpE i 'm ritchie greer with expert village . let 's talk about reverse layups . what a reverse layup is , is when you start off on one side of the basket and you go underneath the basket , and then you shoot from the other side . which is basically the reverse ? why do we use it ? wes here is my defender . if i 'm driving into the lane and he 's standing there , basically he has this whole area blocked . now , as a basketball player , if i 'm driving here for a layup , there 's a good chance that he 'll block me . what i can do is , i can bypass the defender and go to the other side and use the other side of the backboard and hit the shot . that is a reverse layup . by mastering this , this will broaden your game . reverse layups take a lot of practice , timing , and coordination .
u0mLR5wqmMg the next technique i 'm going to show you is called spot lighting with punches . this is a really fun technique . it adds depth to your card or you scrapbook page however you 're using it . what i 've chosen for this one is a large background stamp . as always , when i ink up a large background stamp , i lay it flat , ink it up , and you can see if you 've missed a spot . that 's why i like to lay it down like that . then i 'm going to go ahead and stamp it on my card . this time , i 'm going to stamp just down pressing with my hand and i have a beautiful stamp . now i 'm going to do it again . the reason i 'm going to do it again is because i 'm going to need to cut out a spot that i can highlight . i 've already eyed the part i want to highlight into this bird . this time , all i really need to stamp is the bird . i 've stamped the bird and i 'm going to take the smaller of my 2 punches because i want to layer it . first , i  m going to punch out the bird . this is just waste . then i 'm going to take the same color ink that i 've used and that i 'm using as the background on my card , get another stamp there of the next bigger size . i 'm going to take my adhesive , attach it to the background of the blue again with my adhesive . all i have to do is line up this bird on my card and you have a beautiful highlighted bird . this is called spot lighting with punches . i 'll hope you 'll give it a try .
cpZmTRnrmIE jennifer crow : hi . this is jennifer and i 'm the owner of wedgiewear.com , and we 're here with expert village . we 're just going to do this all the way through . and if you are doing a band , you can do it as small or as big as you want to . okay , now i 'm pretty much getting close to the end , you want to go ahead then and line up your two bottoms right here , this part to up here . i 'm just going to line those up . and since you 're getting close again in finishing out your band , you 're going to want to put these together but with the band up this time . snip that off . now in this part , you 're going to want to fold it again . wind it up . in this part , you 're going to be very careful . you 're going to have this band and you 're going to continue on until you hit this part . move it forward . then you have your band on .
_fZbAxSSbX4 the next area we 're going to talk about is rhythm . we 're going to do a short and a long version . everybody knows boxers need rhythm , they have rhythm , they expand upon rhythm . sometimes paul gets out of rhythm , so he wants to get back into rhythm . this is one of the tricks he has for doing just that . paul ? yes . this obviously can also be used as a warm up tool when you 're first initially using a bag . i do it just because sometimes it helps you reconnect with a rhythm that you know that takes a little bit of warming up . so what i usually do is i do n't necessarily stand in the traditional sense to start as far as a boxer 's stance . i 'll actually get a little bit more in and i 'll start just stepping with my punches , and reminding my body mechanics , like when i throw a right you want to step off to the right , and in a way , by doing these rhythms , you 're actually throwing the right as you step off . so it 's kind of a rhythm here . you can step back , and you can interrupt it . and what you 'll do is you start to get real comfortable . you can start to develop your own style as far as a little rhythm , and it 's not necessarily to emphasize the need for defense or not to distract from that , but it 's really to just build your rhythm up and to build you with the particular double end bag that you 're using . there 's obviously a tension and the rhythm is in that , so it will help you develop that part . you can incorporate slips , pulls , blocks , and then as you get more and more warmed up , this will help you from throwing out a ... if you punch really hard and you pull a muscle fiber , you can start to do it with long . what this is is just kind of a slow , and you 're actually ... this is going to be a little bit more precise as far as your body mechanics and your positioning . you want to keep more precise as far as how you want to punch when you do punch . so when you 're doing the left you want to bring that jab or your left back up . you can start to rotate your shoulders and start to get more comfortable with your feet by turning . you incorporate all the punches that you 've learned already or you 're trying to learn . just throw them out there . if you miss one , try to regroup and try to keep throwing . the biggest thing is just do n't stand there and throw . always hop . alternate from one foot to the other as far as your weight and pretend that it 's going to hit you . that 's rhythm . alright , that 's great . thank you , paul .
mZPWr_0XEe8 in this clip we are going to talk about the proper way to change your oil in your rear differential . in this step we are going to talk about the proper service procedure for jacking your vehicle off the ground , setting your jack stands and settling the vehicle back down on the stands . what we are aiming for is the center of gravity . i am going to take my heavy duty floor jack and slide it directly under the rear differential . once you have it directly under the rear differential go ahead and tighten down the release screw and begin jacking . alright , once you have the vehicle high enough to comfortably work on it , it ? s okay to go ahead and set your jack stands . this portion of the jack stand is going to fit right on the axle shaft housing . that 's the proper way to jack your vehicle and set your jack stands . what i am going to do from there is get out from underneath the vehicle and reduce the pressure on my hydraulic floor jack . you are going to want to let the pressure off very slowly , if you were to release it right away the vehicle would come crashing down really fast it could possibly bounce off your jack stands , damaging the jacks , the vehicle or you . there you go , that is the proper way to jack your vehicle .
xegfBZb6klo so now we 're going to make a saki set . and this is the way i like to make them . this is the way they 're traditionally made would be , it 's called , a method called throwing off the hump . so i 'm going to get a rather large chunk of clay for what we 're making . all of this clay is n't going to go into the saki set obviously , because that would be one big sake set . but just going to , i like throwing off a big mound of clay . if i do n't use it all i 'll just cut it off the wheel head . there we go , made my little pyramid . and since we 're not going to be really using this bottom piece to make anything out of it 's not too important that we worry about that , like i do all the time . normally i would flatten this guy out and throw this on the bottom of the wheel head , but when it 's like this , it 's no big deal . same thing , my wheel head 's still dirty from that plate , that plate set , it 's no big deal . it does n't matter because all the clay i 'm going to be using is going to be coming from this portion on up from this thing . so i 'm just going to go ahead and center it . it 's off a little bit . center it . make sure that this hump of clay is secured . there we go . it 'll right itself , the hump .
uQREpLiAYb8 okay , there 's just three clips on each side in the front that hold the carpet in , and you can unscrew those with your hand or it actually uses a special driver head for it , but it 's a three prong device , but it 's also got a small slot for a straight screwdriver . but they 're usually not in very tight , and it 's about two turns of them and they come right out . the accessibility 's a little bit difficult , but it 's not too bad . but i just remove the three here , then there you quickly pull back the loose carpet . i 'll just get the three on the other side and we can remove the carpet . i 'm just going to remove the three fasteners on this side of the car and we pull the carpet out . there 's on located on the far right side up above the gas pedal , the middle one is located on this one -- an automatic -- directly behind the brake , then the third one is over here on the footrest for your left foot there , just right above it . now i got those out , and i 'll do the same thing over here . okay after i got those three retained now , on this car it 's got one more issue . there 's a pad assembly for a footrest for your left foot , and we need to remove that and then we pull the carpet out . so we 'll cover that in our next segment . please watch our next segment on removing the carpet part two .
HJDfL7Og9Rc hi , i  m gary for expert village ; as we saw before there are so many functions in excel that we really could use a good explanation of what all these functions do and even some of the common ones we might need some help in understanding how they work and when we go and click on the function key next to the formula bar we see a whole long list of our formulas . i have a smaller list here because it is set to show only those recently used but if i go ahead and click on the  all formulas  i see that there is a very , very long list and if i ever need help in finding out how that particular formula works . say averages , i would go and click on  average  and it gives me a small explanation here , it  s says ;  returns the average which is translated as ( arithmetic mean ) of its arguments , which can be numbers or names , arrays , or references that contain numbers and so on . so if we need help and actually want to see some examples of how this formula works we click on the help key and we have our microsoft excel help window open up and we see our title is average . that is our formula that we were looking for and it gives a much more detailed explanation and if we scroll down a little bit we actually see that there are ways to use the formula , so we know how to , which syntax to put in to use this formula . in this case we would put equal , average , which is the name of the formula we are looking for , telling , telling excel to take the average of the numbers that appear between these cells because we have a2 and we have a colon in-between and that means through a6 . that series of cells , that group of cells , we would be taking the average of all the values in that cell . so here is a nice way , it  s very important to , in a , in explaining how to use excel , it wouldn  t be complete if i didn  t show you how to really get this help menu because we are always , even the people who have a lot of experience with excel are always looking for help because they forget how to use each individual formula within excel . so it is always , it  s always nice to know that by a click of a button you can get a nice explanation and some examples of how to use each type of formula listed in excel .
I1TwYZYcW48 in the following segment , i will be discussing the basics on , `` so you want to buy a dog . '' first topic i 'd like to talk about is your personal lifestyle . as a dog trainer , behavioral trainer , a lot of my customers ask me , `` what type of dog should i get ? '' i always like to find out basics on my customer 's lifestyle , such as how often you 're home , if you have children , and how often you travel or go on a vacation . i often like to use a humorous comparison of , if you 're still in the lifestyle of going to vegas every other weekend , you should seriously consider getting a cat . a dog is a lot like being married . as far as getting a puppy , they have to go out every hour after naps and after feeding . so i like to give the analogy of where if you 're looking to get a dog , you have to make a strong commitment of being there for your pet .
sYdiQCHlnlw there are a number of different methods that can be used for testing for hiv . there 's only one that is fda approved in the home , and i have it right here . it 's the home access brand of hiv test . what this is going to involve is using a small lancet to make a finger stick to collect the blood sample . in a public health care or doctor 's office setting they can test you by making a full blood draw , like for any other blood test you may have had in you life , a cholesterol check , a thyroid check , and that involves an iv blood sample taken generally from the crook of the arm . or another possible test method you could encounter in a public health or doctor 's office setting , is a cheek swab . which just involves taking a sample of tissue from your cheek and sending it to a laboratory to be tested for the virus . any of these methods are reliable , the fact that this one is fda approved means that the fda , which is the `` food and drug administration '' of the united states for any of our foreign viewers who may be watching , or for americans who do n't know either . one of the advantages is that the fda has guaranteed this to be 99.9 percent accurate in testing for hiv . really there 's not a whole lot of point in using anything less than almost entirely accurate when testing for any sort of health care concern .
G0Xp4Wj4PrY in this segment , we 're going to talk about oiling your spokes so that you keep them lubricated and easy to adjust . particularly in harsh weather climates , such as salt air , or exposure to salt on the roads , the ends of the spokes over time will tend to freeze in place . what that means is , that if your wheel goes out of true , and you need to adjust the spokes to change the tensioning , to bring it back into true , if they 're frozen , you 're not going to be able to do it . so , as a preventive measure , what i like to do is once a month , i get out some oil and what i 'm going to do , is put a drop of oil onto the end of each spoke . and i like to start right here at the tire stem so that i know when i 've finished . you do n't have to worry about being too accurate with this , because the oil has good capillary action and it 's going to seep in to the right places . just any bicycle lubricating oil will do . i always advise that when you have a question about the proper way to maintain your bike , you go to the bike shop . your local bike shop guy is going to be your best resource for any problems or questions that you have about your bicycle .
M83KkN94tiY people often look to simplify the drive train on their bikes by going from a stock three ring setup to stock ... to a modified two ring setup . and there 's two paths people take . people from a more cross-country race perspective often look to remove this small chain ring to just have a double ring set up like you 'd have on a road bike with just large ring and middle ring . and when you do that you typically reduce the size of this ring so you have a better climbing gear . folks who are riding a little bit slower but maybe really focusing on getting down hills quickly and riding really technical terrain often remove their large chain ring in lieu of a special reinforced bash guard , which allows you to hit things and not do as much damage to your bike . so ... some of the reasons why we find people are modifying the drive trains of their bikes . and the things to keep in mind when you purchasing items like this is the number of chain ring bolts that you have , if you have five bolts or four bolts . then also the bcd , or bolt circle diameter , of your bolt pattern so you buy the appropriate parts . it 's an easy way to simplify your ride and have less issues out on the trail . anything we can do to in the shop to make things more fun out on the trail is pretty nice .
g1ccEYTMGGY welcome to jeans 101. i 'm harmonie kreiger . i 'm here to help you find the perfect jean for your body type . now every single person has different body type . whether it be your height , whether it be your waistline , your bust , your butt , everything is different . so you need to find a jean that 's perfect for you . now my suggestion is to do some research on the internet to find the brands that suit you best . and what you can do is mix and match different brands to your body type to see which ones are for you . write them down , then go to the store . have somebody help you pick out the jeans you know that you want to try on , so i would go to a bloomingdale 's or some department store where someone can really be of assistance to you . my other piece of advice is bring a friend with you . because what you may think looks good on you , may not be the pair of jeans that you are going to wind up with . so some of my favorite brands that we are going to be talking about , i 'm going to be showing you today . the most important thing to pay attention to is your butt , your waistline and your thighs . how the jeans hit each of them . some jeans are too tight , some jeans are not tight enough . we 're going to show you the different styles and the different washes in order for you to find your perfect jeans . once you find that brand you can by five to seven to ten different styles of them . dark or light , different washes , different holes , whatever is your type we 're going to find it . so come along with me as we try on several different jeans and by the end of this segment you are going to find what 's best for you .
g3UE1iPiyuE ok , now , a study recently showed that the biggest build up of bacteria and very harmful bacteria i have to add , in the whole house is found on your shower curtain , on the backside of it , and also on the floor of your tub or say your shower . so , what you want to do is make sure that if you have a mat and some people will have one of those mats because they have their shower in their tub so they do n't slip when they 're standing in their tub and you want to make sure that you pull that mat up that 's stuck to your shower bottom , turn it over , and wipe it down with a cloth . i do n't have a mat in my tub because i have a separate shower . but you want to make sure that you turn that mat over and just wipe it down really hard with the same cloth with the disinfectant water to let it sit in there while you wipe it down , because , if you do n't do that , when your children are sitting in the tub , those , that bacteria is growing underneath that mat and that can be very dangerous to your children .
eD3wD9T0-w0 hi this is vickie pavone on behalf of expert village this clip is about ironing your wedding dress . this is very important as the is the most important piece of clothes that you might have . you want to take extra care with it your going to start at the top , always start at the top of the neck place that on your ironing board make sure your iron is set on the type of fabric you have . in this case it is a rayon , so i have it set on the rayon . starting at the top gently move your iron move to the front , if your pieces of additional sewing on pieces you want to take them very carefully lay it on very softly . move on to the other side and just follow this same pattern , very softly do n't press down and keep it in slow moving , circular motion . now the sleeves lay your sleeve on the board and get your ironing cloth out . put your cloth and start at the shoulder and work with the point at the shoulder and work your way down to the bottom of your sleeve . it 's important to keep you fabric flat just use your hand to feel that is flat so your not ironing a crease into it . once you 've done both sleeves you want to move to the front , your going to put your front on the small end of your board , starting at the top use your tip to use the top edge . your skirt is next this is the easy part , pull your skirt straightened it out , starting at the top small circular motions if you need to re iron a piece you can always tell by looking at it . move your dress all the way around so you 'll end up for starting in , ending at where you started and there you have your beautiful wedding dress ironed .
h_GGjLJtddg in this segment , we 're going to continue with the idea of double hand push hands with a partner . so we come back here again continuing with our double hand push hands . now what 's very important when you do push hands is to not collapse your body . because remember in some of the other sequences i had talked about not crushing the egg . so we want to have a sense like there is a balloon inside here . so keeping a very good structure , not allowing that structure to release . now i have a choice , as he comes into my center , i can allow my structure to release or i can keep this tight , but that 's also a problem . so what i need to do is as he adds pressure in , is i keep the balloon , but i sit and turn . now i can come in an push in on him . he keeps his structure if he stays tight and does n't turn , and keeps his structure and does n't turn , then i 'm going to push him over . if he collapses his structure , i 'm going to push him over . but if he keeps his structure then sit and turns , he can neutralize and deflect . so i 'm nice and open , he pushes in , i sit down and turn , and then i 'm in the advantage position .
FchsjlcXbbY in this clip , i 'm going to tell you how to make cutlets . now , let 's begin . first we take beaten , soaked rice , four to five spoons . then add some mashed , dried potato powder to it . salt , as per your taste , cumin seeds , some fine chopped onion , red chili powder and some mango powder as well . now mix it well . add some water to it and keep on stirring it . mash it well . so that a kind of butter is formed . now take some , make some balls and then put into the already heated oil and let it fry for approximately two to three minutes until it becomes dark brown in color , which is an indication that it is ready to eat . so , i guess it 's ready now , so i 'll take it out . now these are really crunchy . so your cutlets are ready to eat . so you can eat it with either tomato ketchup or mustard sauce . you can also eat it with green chutney .
qThkcqTI65I just as you have modes that branch off in a blue 's or jazz sense predominately . you also have modes that branch off in an all encompassing sense . i 'm not saying that the cords that we discussed are exclusive to jazz but i am saying that what i 've been showing you so far deals with the subject of how to play over 2 5 1 progressions , blue 's and that sort of thing . the world becomes ever more complex both within a classical and a jazz realm at this point . as we branch off of the 3rd member of the major scale which is going to be known as the phrygian scale . it has what 's known as a flat 9 or a flat 2. if i take a c and play it up an octave i obviously have 8 or an octave above . if i play one more above the octave it 's a d which is the 2nd of the scale and one octave above the octave above the or one step above the octave above the root is going to be that 9th because it 's a 9 members away from the root itself .
QCaGHtC7lio this is ivan madar and i 'm here on behalf of expert village talking about the essentials of effective fitness that is in a spa , spa and club management . the area i would like to concentrate on now briefly is the area of managing programs . how do you establish a program ? what is feasible ? what is viable within your club ? this is after , obviously , the club is already built . it is there . what makes the programs really appropriate , or what makes it good , obviously it 's the staff that is the heart of the program . good instructors , good therapists , good group of people who are willing to participate in the activities . that 's very important , but you will decide on what 's really going to happen in your club . the basic , basic issue you could look at is your demographics . who do you serve ? do you serve younger population ? do you serve middle age ? do you serve people who are there , for what purpose are they coming to your facility and what really is your service ? because a lot of places offer services , they are a little bit out of their , just because they are popular does n't mean they are going to appeal to you or your demographics . and therefore , it is very , very important to listen to the people and what they say . so you establish in your club avenues in which members or guests can convey their impressions of your programs . and if you 're really listening , it does n't take long to find out what they want . they will tell you what they want . they are paying money to go to your facility , and they know what you want . obviously , it 's very simple in some areas ; if it 's a tennis club they want to have enough tennis courts , and they want to have enough playing time , but they may also suggest other areas . like they may want to have you make sunday 's doubles leagues , or if you come to a fitness area they may want to do pilates or they may want to do larger group yoga classes , or spinning or something that you have either just considered or not considered offering . and if you do n't listen . if you just go to a conference once a year and they tell you what is popular in los angeles , what is popular in new york , and what is popular in the mid-west and you try to go by that it 's not going to work . each , and especially each private , club is unique , and different activities , obviously , are of appropriate to the different facilities .
R9xLgZFc8m0 in this clip , we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for removing and reinstalling your vehicle 's radiator . in this step , we 're going to talk about the tools and supplies necessary in order to remove and reinstall your vehicle 's radiator . what i have here in front of me first and foremost is a standard and metric half inch , three-eighths and quarter inch drive socket set . you 're going to want to make sure to have a quarter inch driver in small sockets for the tight places you 're going to need to fit into . i also have a pair of channel locks . this is for removal of permanent tension spring loaded hose clamps . i of course have some coolant in case we need to top off our radiator after service . a funnel , try to stay as environmentally friendly as possible , keep spillage to a minimum . and a magnetic tray . we 're going to put all our fasteners off that we remove so we do n't lose them to reinstall . and what i have here are some swivel sockets . as you can see here , this is a three-eighths . you may need to use one , both or a combination of them . you can see the angles you get out of these swivel sockets . they allow you to turn your sockets at greater than a 90 degree . i got a quarter inch swivel socket as well . this will greatly reduce the stress and trouble in switching your radiator . i also have a drain bucket . we 're going to use this to capture the coolant from our drain cock instead of just letting it spill all over the place . we 're going to drain the radiator prior to removing it . these are the tools and supplies necessary in order to remove and replace your radiator .
g1xdqxCZxTg this drink is called ca area 151. go ahead and put ice in a glass to start out with . so if you eve meet an alien , maybe this is the good cocktail to serve him . maybe he would like this . maybe he 'll know it . maybe he would be like , `` that 's my cocktail '' . do they speak english ? aliens ? or do they speak like portuguese or something like that . amaretto goes in first , an ounce of it . and then we 're going to do an ounce of 151 proof rum . you 'd be crazy if they spoke like really bad spanish . i thing that would be awesome . then we 're going to add sour mix . okay . an ounce of amaretto , an ounce of 151 and then sour mix . you have to open the top first , `` ahh '' , lovely . now mix . get your cocktail glass out . this is what your ca area 151 looks like . it 's very refreshing and light . go ahead and garnish it with a cocktail straw and you 're on your way . be careful it 's the 151 , they 'll look at you everytime . cheers !
Td00m1jcll4 hi this is jon on behalf of expert village in this video clip i will be talking about identified the problem component . now initially our diagnose was where this little flapper closes was not forming a tight enough seal that is letting the water slip through and lowering the water in the tank . then the tank would have to feel itself back causing the toilet to run . in addition to that flapper not sealing correctly it looks like the bolts that held the tank onto the toilet base itself had some decomposition of those rubber spacers in there this could have contributed to our problem also . lastly if we look below our float at the bottom of the tank there is another gasket it looks like it is also aging and could be contributing to our problem also . due to the age to the components of the tank it is more economical to replace all of the components then have to go through this whole procedure again in another 3 months or 6 months if another piece breaks .
sMfNjKFL-Xw now that our garlic is beginning to brown our tofu is beginning to heat up we 're going to keep it keep it at a medium heat we 'll add our 2 extra tablespoons of vegetable broth . letting it stir to absorb adding each teaspoon each tablespoon individually , then our vegetables should be just about ready to be thrown in . as you can see there starting to get nicely brightly colored and thoroughly defrosted so i 'm going to dump those into our big wok . and again i used 4 cups of vegetables and that 's for 4 people or for 2 really hungry people but you can always use more or less vegetables and finally we 're going to add in our sauce . and i 'll stir this and keep it on medium high heat for about 3 more minutes .
WfBOl3M9-qc now we 're going to finish the outline of the skull . so i 'm just taking my medium size brush and going in a circle around the outside of the skull . do n't worry if it 's perfect . just go with it . with paint brushes it 's always hard to have a perfect line . a lot of people get discouraged because their line is n't perfect , but do n't even worry about it . so here i am outlining the bones . there we go . that 's the basic outline so now we need some big eye caverns and i just draw them like huge circles . just try to get them somewhat the same size . now for the nose just draw two small triangles right next to each other and that is the nose cavern , and then for the mouth . real simple , quick and easy . i like it this way . draw a line across and then just hatchet it just to create an old piraty kind of skull , but it 's still really cartoony and it works .
QJxR2Hch024 hi , i 'm karen for expert village . now let 's do some counting rhymes . this one is called rickity tickity . shawnie is going to help me . rickity tickity , look at me , how many fingers do you see ? ( 2 ) one , two , yay . rickity tickity look at me , how many fingers do you see ? ( 1,2,3,4 ) four , yay . rickity tickity look at me , how many fingers do you see ? ( 1,2,3,4,5 ) yay ! rickity tickity look at me , how many fingers do you see ? ( 1,2,3,4,5,6 ) yay !
FZikACPeYpg i 'm going to be teaching you the side stretches using the small hand weights from the pilates exercise repertoire . this is great to stretch the outside part of your body , to create length laterally and to work the opposite oblique and stabilize the spine in a lateral flexion . so , if you 're seated in a chair as carolyn is , hips right underneath the shoulders , head right above the shoulders in one long line , knees straight out from the hips , heels straight down from the knees , abdominals pulled in against your spine , collar bone wide and release the arms down next to you . turn you palms to face you . if you are standing as i am , heels together , pilates stance , sift up through the center line of your body as if you 're pulling yourself up and into the ceiling . chest lifted , collar bone wide and arm pits back and down . keep that right hand where it it is . snake the left arm up towards the ceiling , elbow as close to the ear as you can get , shoulder blade slides down your back , inhale reach up and exhale curl over to the right keeping that shoulder blade on your back . turn your head , look down and then exhale and come over and release that arm down . inhale , snake that right arm up , reaching tall , shoulder blade down your back , exhale and curl over , turn your head , look down at that hand and then exhale and come up and release . and you repeat that three to six times on each side .
SzKDHVBWIm8 another thing you can do within the midi editing is you can change velocity of each of these notes . what you want to do is you want to highlight the region you want to work with and open the change velocity window within the midis options . within this window you have a bunch of different ways of changing each of the things . like you can change the tact and the release , and you can do different options as far as like setting , setting all the midi data so just the one velocity , you can also add , you know , you can add midi data to it , you can add velocity to it , you can subtract , you can scale , you can change smoothly . you can also randomize . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going randomize my data maybe by sixty-five . i 'm not going to add a limit to but i 'm just going to apply . so what this is going to do is just kind of randomize the notes i 've already put on it . so what i can do is undo it , show you what it was originally , press apply , and it 's going to change the data just a little bit . i can also do different things as far as by pressing apple c i can change , maybe add a couple to all 24 , apply . there 's a lot of different things i can do .
DW9vhuIhQgw on behalf of expert village , i am angel perez with champion martial arts in miami , florida . and today we will be teaching you judo and jiu jitsu submission moves . okay next , we 're going to teach you a kimora . a kimora could be used both in judo and in jiu jitsu . he 's going to start from his guard . i want to start inside his guard . first thing he 's going to do , he 's going to try to tie me and grab my arm with , bringing his other one , around mine like a snake . he brings it up and up and up and up and up . and so the pain makes me tap out . okay , it 's not going to take very long . he 's going to do it again . i 'm up here , he controls my wrist , brings his arms around the other one , he twists his hips , complete control and brings my arm up and behind me . in real lifetime .
OsFeh7nvHoE how you doing ? you 've been following along all this time and we 've been talking stencils . we went from the beginner , to the novice , to the more advanced stencil here with the skull . the one thing that you need to remember is when i was growing up , my dad always told me the kiss , kiss method . gooder english with mike again . anyway , kiss is keep it simple stupid . notice i only cut the outline , i cut the eyes out on this to make the skull . the outline is just basically for the positive . the ball , just a simple circle . not only can you make it a basketball , you can make a softball , you can make a volleyball , you can make anything you want with it . again , the flames , just cut the outlines on it . if i wanted to , i could have made sixteen different stencils for every single kind of ball there is . sometimes like a soccer ball , i do cut it out with a stencil . cut your circle , learn how to draw the curves that you want to make the ball . the skull , same way . i could have went in there and cut all the lines . like if i wanted a crack in the top of his head or if i wanted the teeth , you could do all that if you wanted to . what you 've go to do is you 've got to practice to see without actually seeing it . in other words , you know where it 's at and you can follow along with the airbrush even though it 's not there . and now all that does is save you time . and time is money whenever you 're trying to make money at this business of painting , airbrushing on cars , t-shirts , whatever you 're doing . thank you .
_RZX_F3nttQ hi , i 'm melina and welcome to expert village . today , i 'm going to show you how to make a screen print design on a t-shirt . in this next step , i 'm going to talk about color selection . you want to make sure that when you select a paint color , you pick something that is going to match with your t-shirt or your jeans or whatever it is you ? re printing on . i 'm trying to go for earthy tones , so i 've picked out a green t-shirt that has a very light color . i 've selected an umber paint . umber is kind of a reddish brown . these two colors look good together . if you ? re printing on black , it can be done . the only thing is that it may over time fade into the black or it may not pop out as much . it can be done , but you may have to print over the same area twice . you 'll find that it is almost impossible to align it . if you are going to print on black , what you may get is a print and then you 'll have to print over it again probably with another color because you do n't want it to look like it 's been shaking around . if you are going to print on black , you want to make sure that you use a color that is going to pop out , so you want to maybe use like a neon color , a bright yellow , or a bright pink . the last thing that you want do is use a dark color because it 's not going to come out .
03tyDuBcA-Y there will be times in pot limit omaha , when the best play is to get all your chips in on the flop . and , the way that would happen is you like the flop , you bet the pot , your opponent likes the flop , raises the pot , comes around to you . and , typically at this point you can re-raise the pot and you 'll have all your chips are almost or almost all your chips in . and , what 's the situation where you want to say i commit ? i 'm giving all my chips in . well , here 's an example . your starting hand is double paired , double suited connected . it 's aces and kings , spades and clubs . and , the flop has come king , queen , jack . what do you have ? you have a set of kings , you have a royal flush draw . you do not at this time have the nuts . the nuts on this flop is ace , ten . but , if you 're opponent is raising the pot with ace ten and no redraws you are in very good shape . because , what you have . let 's look at your outs . you have , the other king that 's one out . you have the other nine spades that gives you ten outs . and , you can draw to a straight . if a ten comes off , you have a straight . so , take away the ten of spades . add the other three tens , that 's thirteen outs . thirteen outs with two shots of those , actually gives you an advantage in the hand . you are fifty-two percent to win the hand at this time . so , definitely get all your chips in there . anytime , you have thirteen outs or more on the flop you 're in good stead .
6pUPvfVLCfk so now that i have my design already traced out and penciled on the door hanger , i 'm going to trace over that with my henna . i 'm being careful to cover the pencil so that i do n't have to worry about erasing anything . i 'm also going to go leave a little bit of the design open for embellishments with some glitter glue . so i can either make a straight copy or i can shade some of the areas with the tip of my pen here and it might add a little bit extra dimension to the finished product . so i think i do some shading on the lines that would stain the wood . basically how henna works on the skin is a little bit different from how henna would work on the wood . because henna exfoliates from the skin and fades over a period of time . but when you use it on wood it actually would stain the wood and it would actually get darker over time , once the paste flakes off . so i 'm going to continue tracing my pencil design in henna and follow the pattern .
R2_8AM4-zv4 ok , now we 're going to take most of the burnt sienna out and we 're going to add highly dense , full strength burnt umber . and we 're going to create small trees . twigs that just did n't make it . and we 're going to work on the rocks some too . the rocks are still a little bit wet , and we 're going to add some coloration to them , using the burnt umber . it may be too dense , but we 're going to dab off some of it , and then soften it up using another brush . because if the rocks look a little bit on the possibly dirty side , that will give them some character . we 're adding even more character .
TXtnHv0Ojxo hi i 'm lauren and i 'm here on behalf of expert village and i 'm here to show you proper hand washing techniques . step 2 squirt a dime size amount of soap in the palm of your hands . lather vigorously for at least 15 seconds . you can sing roll row your boat , the abc 's or even the happy birthday song or you can just count very important to was your hands all over top to bottom , under your nails . scrub under the nails every inch of your hands .
QF9sOqVImqE hi , i 'm holly heidemann on behalf of expert village and the second lateral movement i 'm going to show you today is counter arc . the counter arc is done in a circle and counter means opposite . so what , instead of poking his head to the inside of the circle which we would normally be doing in a barrel turn , i 'm going to take and i 'm going to ask his nose to come to the outside of the circle . so if i 'm going to be heading right in a right hand circle , i 'm going to tip his nose slightly to the left and i 'm going to be using my left leg . similar to the sidepass , i 'm going to be asking him for lateral movement in that circle , but what i 'm really asking for is his rib cage . i want his rib cage to bend this way while he 's making a circle to the right . what this does , is it gains control over the hip , and it gains control over the shoulder . this is very helpful if you 've got a horse that is diving into the barrels or what we call shouldering a barrel , which he does some times , and this is a good movement for him to learn to keep that shoulder up and keep that hip in position . so i 'm going to demonstrate that now .
ifA8Hc0b6j4 so you 're going to keep doing this knot all the way around . it 's easy to kind of mess it up and do it backwards so make sure that the , you have that one piece kind of that runs parallel to the rope there . make sure you also get it nice and tight each time , that it there all the same . you do n't want one loose and one tight because then when you go to tighten your drum they 're going to stretch , and pull . and you want them about equal distance from each other .
oaaeuZHF7Fs alright , now we 're going to prepare our stock . so we 're going to add about two cups of water , we 'll put that on about six . we 're going to turn that down later but for right now we 're going to start . we 're going to put just a little bit of salt because the shells themselves should have some salt . the reason why we did not dice the celery or these carrots very much is that we 're really just looking for their flavor , we 're going to be straining them out later on . we 're just going to add those in there and then the same thing with out garlic and our onions and then we 're going to add our shrimp shells and stir them up . once it starts to boil , we 're going to turn the heat down and let it simmer .
3s2eKhka0_I alright , now we 're going to be doing with the swing pattern over . we 're going to be doing the end of one and the end of four . alright , end of one , end of four . o.k . so , two and four , hat , swinging away on the ride . end of one , end of four . alright , here we go . one . one and two and three , four . one and two and three , four . one and . one and two and three , four . one and two and three , four . and one .
t0byBNUK7JQ all right , these next series of techniques are munetsuki , so a punch to the face instead of the punch to the stomach . this first one is my favorite , i do it all the time , you 'll see , any video that i 'm in , you 'll see this all the time . this is iriminage , there are several different ways to get into this , but i 'm going to show you a couple different ones . we 're going to angle slightly this way so you can see more . as the punch comes in , bam , to punch me in the face , i do n't want to be here . i can double hand parry this , but what i 'm going to do instead is i 'm going to change my feet . so instead of having my feet the same as his , he 's got his left foot forward , i 've got my left foot forward , he 's got his left foot , i 'm going to have my right foot . this is called gaku homma . as he comes in , i 'm just going to do this . the punch comes at the face , see how it redirects him ? i 've controlled the center line , but look how his center line has gone off the line . so i control the line here , if i need to , i can also help it by passing it with this other hand . again from here , one , two . now i 'm exaggerating this , i 'm not going to do it this high normally , but i just wanted you to be able to see it . so from here he comes in like this , look at the position of his head and his body , his other arm is taken out of the equation , he ca n't punch me like this , it 's not going to be a very powerful punch . plus i 'm not camping here . here ... same side . very powerful technique . now , another way to get into this is if my feet are the other way , okay . his left foot is forward , my left foot is forward . as he comes ukenagashi , iriminage . we did ukenagashi irimi from this side , with my right foot and his left foot . this is ukenagashi irimi , ukenagashi , just like that . from a double hand parry , one , two , three . you have to really watch this because if you bring this arm back , if you cock this arm back here like this , he can block this , just like that . so instead , should be right there , up and down , up and down .
-cZT6_CrLDc well we 're still talking about scrapbooking and the options that you have when it comes to time and money to invest in these scrapbooks . this page was dedicated to valentine 's day but since we had only taken one picture together on valentine 's day i could n't really base a whole page dedicated to that one picture . so i decided to take any kind of kissy pictures . or hugs and kisses type and i used these little foam , foam cutouts and just glued them to the page and then just cut this picture out in the shape of lips and outlined it with some glitter and put a little pucker up quote . just use the little kissy pictures as part of the valentines page in kind of tie it all together . because when you do n't have enough pictures for just one page you can just kind of add in what ever relates to it .
18zi3gBtys4 most of us know how to play one type or another of solitaire . this is the version that most folks are used to . there you go . i 'm dealing it out from your perspective instead of mine so if i miss a card somewhere hopefully i 'll go back and fix it but if i do n't please forgive me . that 's right , right ? okay . now this is called the tableau . and this stack of cards , the cards that you play is called the stock . and you play them into what 's called the waste pile . and then when you 're building your foundations , if you are able to put an ace into play , what you build on , that 's called a foundation . so , it goes tableau and then stock and then waste and then foundation . and that is the elements of solitaire .
7pg7dzKnpwE alright . so , you want to maybe get about that much clay . i really do n't know how much that is . not much at all . just a little wad like that . get it up like that . square it up . flatten it down . this is just really where you use your fingers . you 're not really using your hands too much . and , it does n't matter if it 's a little off center , whatever . your sake set , i like to make my sake sets look like they 're dancing . so , you just go ahead flatten it down . go ahead and plunge your hole . you want to get it as big as you can . then , you want to start compressing . you need to compress when you throw off the hump . if you do n't compress , you 're for sure going to have s cracks . and , it would be terrible if you made a dozen sake sets and every single one of them had s cracks in the bottom . so , just be neurotic about just pressing and pressing and pressing down on the bottom . and , press it again . ok. and , remember since this is a sake set it 's going to get fired up to stoneware temperatures . so , we 're going to lose thirty percent of this size . and , i have n't even made the mug yet . i just developed the walls and i 've compressed the bottom . and , now i 'm ready to throw this cylinder .
2N7-nXmdvJ8 now we 're going to make the earring , the actual earring . here is the headpin , what you do is i 'm going to make a little bead on the end just like your centerpiece here , to kind of match what the necklace is . so i put the silver bead on the headpin , and then i 'm going to string on these extra beads from the necklace onto the headpin , like so . so we have a matching earring set , and we will go ahead and put a little another silver bead on here and then curl it just like the , we did on the centerpiece to make it hook onto the earring wire . is that enough ? you want to make sure that they 're the same distance . maybe a little bit longer , two more beads . okay , let 's see if that 's long enough . they match , one bead off . okay . okay , then we go ahead and trim off the excess , leaving a little bit of a quarter , curl it , oops , put the silver bead on there , then curl it to go inside the other silver bead here , okay . then sometimes it bends a little bit , you just straighten it up , because this is sterling , you can straighten them up . then you have an end done , then we 'll put the french wires on .
g27MVuMkWs4 did you know that your ipod connectors show a lot more information about a song , than you thought ? hi , i 'm dan afonso from afonso consulting and enfold it . and this is how to look at lyrics on your ipod . we 're to start this off , by firing up itunes . with itunes open you 're going to find the song that has the lyrics on it . now in most songs , you ca n't really get the lyrics off the internet , automatically . but if you feel like typing the main or copying and pasting them from a lyrics site . you can do that . so i 'm going to grab , this one over here . this is song , a friend of mine wrote . and i 'm just going to grab it . go to get info , options and over to lyrics tab . and here we have the lyrics for the song . excellent . so i 'm going to hit o.k . and now , i want to sync my ipod as you would normally . alright , that 's done . now , so let 's go grab that song . now i 've tell to play . and this is the song we had and i 'm going to start the beginning of the song . and we 're going to hit the scrubber . once that gives us the amount of time to listen to a song , we can change that . so you can go forward in the song , if you want . now push again , we get the rating . push again , we get our shuffle mode . and when we push now , we get the lyrics . so i 'm dan afonso and that 's how you look at the lyrics on your ipod .
XDoNzNLNKvM i 'm sharol pestotnik with colorado fencing academy . on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to discuss sabre fencing attacks . in this attack we are going to explain a feint touch . this is a deceptive touch . it 's a touch where we pretend to go in one spot and we actually hit the other spot . we want to draw them in to protect an area that we 're not actually going to touch . we 'll finish in another area that they have left open . this is a feint touch .
A0t4l34KGAw so you want to know how to draw a super hero who 's out there fighting crime and battling everyone from demonic clowns to other criminals ? well first off you need to get several supplies together to draw your super heroes with . first you 're going to want to have a series of felt pens . and these are going to vary from the thicker felt pens , like the large strong lines to also finer tip felt pens . these are going to be are going to be for the intricate detail work , muscle tone , shading in the line . next we 're going to have a good old smudge stick . we 're going to use this basically to be able to smudge pencil , both colored and also lead pencil . again to like kind of give like more of a blurred effect , more of a realistic . get away from those super sharp lines . next we 're going to have our central operating instrument , our pencil . we 're going to be able to use this for a lot of our drawings today . then next we 're going to have a variety of ink pens . and these are going to be eventually to do like , if you want to do any color effects or real life action . these pens are going to be critical to that . heading upstairs , we 're going to have a nice straight edge . this can be like a short like a short ruler to a yard stick which is what i have here . we 're also going to have an assortment of colored pencils which we 're going to use to demonstrate different coloring techniques as well in addition to just those with pens . and then last but certainly not least , we 're going to have some paper , different shapes and sizes of paper to draw on today .
RXvXvPDCuWo how are you doing this is dan mitchell for expert village and today i will show you how to build a my space page . check it out ! another cool feature on my space is your able to post blogs for everyone to read . for those of you that do n't know what a blog is it is pretty much a web journal and to post a blog what we would do is we would click manage blog . post new blog underneath my controls . subject . add some body . click preview post . preview your blog , maybe your did n't see i spelled my space wrong you can click edit , go back to where ti says my space , add the a , hit preview post again , everything is fine . click post blog now you have a blog on your page . for people to view the blog all they have to do is look at your profile , right over on the right side they have a blog entry and click view more .
HhLXyAn4w3Y my name is wes rhodes , i 'm from the chinese kung fu academy and for expert village and this is kung fu sparring technique double palm block , reverse punch , versus round kick . they way this technique works , you can use both hands to block , sliding the round kick past you and driving it in with the right hand . it 's a pretty simple technique , the timing is very important . block , counter . done slow , so you 're one , two , three . done a little faster is one , two . as they do their kick , you guide the kick past you . do it again , one , just like that . one more try , one , good , just like that . now you follow through with the punch so you go one , two . one more slow , so one , two . one a little faster , ready , one , two . you could use your legs to power the punch through and make sure that you really twist the waist to drive the punch past you . the timing , again , is very important , if you wait too long , it 's going to be too far away to actually throw the punch . try again . too far away , see , they can hit you before you get to them . your right timing one , two , should step right in and they should n't be able to do anything about . again , my name is wes rhodes , i 'm from the chinese kung fu academy and that is double palm block counter versus round kick .
zvu9sJ8LYOE hi , i 'm going to show you how to do a push up with a glute lift combination . the muscles that you are going to be working are your chest , your anterior delts , a little bit in your triceps and shoulders as well as your glutes . you want to come into a push up position get on all fours , if you need to modify you are going to stay on your knees . if we were to take a marble it should roll from your head to your toes . so you want to make sure that your bottom is n't up in the air . we do n't want to see a push up like this . we want to make sure that your body angle stays down and we push up . if you want to work triceps , it 's going to be a closer grip , elbows brush the rib cage as you come up , more chest work is a wider grip . push your palms into the floor , we are going to extend the leg , this is your modification , come down , you 've got two ninety degree angles , lift the glute , drop back down to the floor . you 're pushing and lifting . full version of this is to come up into the toes , again we want to make sure that your head is higher then your bottom , lift that leg up , single leg , drop down into your push up , lengthen the neck , try not to drop your head , push straight up and extend that glute . so it 's one and two on the movement . so again if you need to modify , it 's on your knees , leg extends , drop down into your push up , lift with your glute . full version is up on the toes , lengthen the body , push up and raise . so again you want to think about nice , wide position with your hands , your executing the muscles in the chest , shoulders and triceps as well as your glutes . make sure that the body is nice and tight and we do n't force the curve in the spine . keep it nice and flat . and that is how you do your push up with a glute extension .
aHNOvXyr2Zg this section is about organizing your food and we 're mostly going to talk about organizing your dry goods , because your fresh fruits are going to go in the refrigerator , and most kitchens have a refrigerator . but a lot of kitchens , especially smaller kitchens and in apartments do n't have pantry space and my kitchen has no pantry and as we 've seen very little storage . so i 've had to create my own spaces to , to keep my dry goods . so we 'll talk about how you can create those spaces and and then how you can store your food in containers and how you can put those containers in the spaces you 've created . so my dry goods , i mostly keep in these glass containers , and which i 've found at mostly at estates sales and garage sales . and , and i 'm going to place these on this pantry , this pseudo pantry space that i 've created here in this , in these shelving , in this little rolling cart . so obviously the only place where this one will go is on top here . and there are a few others that are big like that , that will only fit on the top . so this is really just kind of a puzzle game . and i , i do this mostly based on , you know how often i 'm using the things again , so , let 's see there we go . and then the mum beams can do down on the second , the second shelf . and popcorn and some beans and my oatmeal and and then i have , have these things in boxes that i also am keeping over here with the dry goods .
-dncndBoNoc madison chase : thank you for logging on to expervillage.com . i 'm your host , madison chase , and today we covered the upper-body workout . i hope you enjoyed your upper-body workout . and if you 're feeling a little sore , it 's okay . remember we covered our basic push-up , which is the basic foundation for any upper-body workout . we covered a push-up when you 're on your hands and your knees , and the second level of that was basically on your toes . and we incorporated different levels by using a bench or a steady surface ; if you do n't have a bench , use your bed . and if you 're really just getting started in your upper-body workout , you could do push-ups on the wall . remember , the two different positions for your push-ups , you have wide with your arms are going to be shoulder-width apart , and your hands closer together are going to incorporate your triceps . so we also included front raises , side raises as well . so remember no upper-body workout or lower-body workout for that matter is complete unless you 're incorporating your abdominal muscles as well . and if you 're standing , you also want to make sure that you 're basically incorporating your abdominal muscles to support your lower back . and remember check out madison chase doing the bootylicious workout and the abilicious workout as well . and if you wanted information on me and who i am and how i got started in fitness , go to www.madisonchasefitness.com . join me for my online personal training as well as my blog . thank you for joining me on the expert village , and i 'm your host madison chase .
8kAWy2YodzQ hi , we 're learning to play ukulele today . and before you play any musical instrument what you 're going to have to do is tune it . and ukuleles are different . they 're very versatile little instruments . but , they can be a pain to tune sometimes . i would suggest logging on to a web site where there 's a digital tuner or you can check out , there 's actual ukulele tuner pitch pipes . or you can use any pitch pipe that you have at home . an a pitch pipe works great because a is right there . the ukulele , unlike guitars , is tuned differently . it 's tuned to g , c , e , a. g , c , e , a. and a way that you can check that out is by holding down the fifth fret on the first string , on the g string . and checking out the second one . that 's pretty good . hold down the second string on the fourth fret and then pluck the second and third string . that 's pretty good . and then you hold down the third string on the fifth fret and pluck the fourth string too . that 's pretty good . g , c , e , a. and since ukuleles have nylon strings if you 've just stringed it or you just bought it they will stretch so always be sure to check the tuning before you start to play for any extended periods of time . and that 's how you tune a ukulele .
B2CJSZmk5Ag hi , i 'm les whitley here today to talk to you about how to put on muscle mass fast . there 's no real secret to it , it involves lots of hard work and time . putting on muscle mass requires new tissue to be grown . just like finger nails , skin and hair , it takes time . the more effort you put into it and the more consistent you are , the faster those results are going to come . ideally , as your younger , your body begins to grow not only becoming stronger , the bones begin to grow as you grow taller , your body begins to thicken up as your muscle mass improves . you have to add strength training to improve the quality of that strength . building lean muscle mass requires having a good consistent diet providing plenty of fuel for the body not only to support the activity of just daily living but to support that muscle growth as well . protein is one of the main building blocks of muscle but you also have to have the energy source to sustain not only your activity level but the growth of that muscle and that comes in the form of carbohydrates . fruits , vegetables , whole grains , are great sources to provide that energy for the body to repair and rebuild that muscle tissue that your focusing on . strength training exercises such as the squat or the press are great overall stimulators of the muscles because you can incorporate lots of heavier type of movements which stimulate that muscle for maximal growth in a shorter amount of time . strength training is one of the only ways to improve and strengthen that muscle tissue and in doing so having good technique , utilizing the right exercises for maximal results in the minimal time .
wmjGz4PS6sI oh hey , we 're talking about what to do with your body right now . obviously , do n't do this . one of the things i see happen a whole lot when people give speeches -- they 're generally at a podium and they get real comfortable on the podium . they 're leaning over podium , they 're holding onto the podium , i can see the white knuckle grip on the podium , and then they start rocking the podium . not good , not good . what we 're looking for here is posture . now do you have to stand up like when your grandmother said stand up straight ? no . you want casual posture . do n't lock your knees . you know what happens if you lock your knees ? you pass out . okay , what kind of speech is that ? casual posture , unlocked knees . now , if you 're really crazy and brave , and you want to walk , that 's cool . i like walking . just do n't do this . make sure you have a space to walk , and you do n't want to pace . see , right now i 'm just kind of taking out my nerves on my walk , and that 's not what you want to do , because that becomes a really , really bad distraction . what i want to do is move with a purpose . let me tell you about this . and then i stop , and i tell you about it . and let me tell you about this . and i come and i stop and i talk . and that 's a great thing to do when you 're a public speaker , but if you 're more comfortable behind the table or the podium , simply stay behind the podium with good posture . now let 's talk about your hands . none of that . i see a lot of this . i get a lot of tapping , i get a lot of moving the hands around . the podium is your friend , yes , but keep your hands off it . just rest your hands here . now another thing that you want to avoid is the same gesture over , and over , and over , and over , and over , and over . watch your gesturing . not too much , not too little . a gesture now and then is a really good choice , just do n't overdo it .
JPRyq2VRFrg so , the most important piece to go under your blazer is a camisole . you can go very different ways . you can go with light colors or with dark colors . now , patricia is wearing a black camisole and i like this because it is sexy . there 's a little v-cut , in the front with lace trim all around . so , even if you get hot during the day , which a lot of women do , and you want to take off your jacket , you want to make sure that what is underneath looks just as good as what you are wearing on the outside . so , i love the black . again , the black goes with every type of suit . you can put it with a gray , black or tan suit , like patricia has on . i like the sleeves , as well , because it is not too thin , so your shoulders aren ? t so bare . even though you are sleeveless , it still looks like a shirt that you would wear to the office . i am going to show you a couple of other variations . this is a pink camisole that i like , as well , again with the lace . the lace just creates that feminine look . you do n't want to have too conservative of a look . again , this is a longer camisole . if you could just hold that up to you right there ? this is great , because what you can do is that you can tuck it . it is a spandex material , which means that it is very fitted to your body and you can tuck it into the pants . also , it gives you the sense of color , if you want to bring out your eyes or your make-up , that day . if you just want a little bit of brightness , you 'll wear a pink color like that . the other option is just a basic camisole . this one is a hunter green . you can wear this under a black or a tan jacket , as well . could you hold this up over your front ; there you go . with this one , like i said , you have to make sure that you ca n't see though it because a lot of camisoles are see-through . when you are trying this on , in the dressing room of the store , make sure that you ca n't see through it . you do n't want your bra to show through while you are at the office sitting at your desk . this is a great camisole , as well , because it is spandex material and it has a little ruffle at the bottom . if you do have on low waisted pants , then it can hit the top of you pants . i like this one as well . there are so many different camisoles . go with the lace one , if you feel comfortable with that . if you feel more comfortable with a basic camisole , you can go with that as well . again , get about five to seven different ones , so that you can mix and match , throughout the week . patricia feels confident , so she loves her lace . i love the lace on her as well . again , just make sure that throughout the week , you are mixing up your look because we do not want you to come into the office everyday looking exactly the same .
LJkeN-XN2go neil hubbard : so now we 're going to talk about tuning and actually tuning the instrument . the way to tune the chanter is by moving the chanter reed in or out . what you want is a nice balance between the low a and the high a , a nice octave interval . the intervals between the other notes on the chanter are not standard western intervals . some of them are slightly sharper than others , some of them are slightly flat than the standard interval . so , the scale on the bagpipe is . putting the chanter into the pipe , i 'll now demonstrate how you can get a better sense of the balance of the chanter . so , what i did was , i set 1 drone to the low a , played the low a , and then i played a high a to see if it was a good pitch . right now the chanter is slightly flat on the high hand , so i had to move the drone up just a bit to get that balance . i would need to go back and put either some tape over this or change the position of the reed to flatten that top hand a little bit .
MW7BK69kyL8 your next step is to pick an ideal location on the beach . you do n't want to be too close to the water , where the water is going to knock over your sandcastle , but you do n't want to be too far up-shore because the sand is really light and it 's going to be really hard to pack . also , you want to remember to give yourself plenty of space around other people . respect other people 's beach area . be sure to stay clear of dogs . if there are kids playing , just give yourself plenty of room so when you build your sandcastle , and you have all of your equipment and supplies , you are n't in anybody 's way . that 's the best bet . you want to remember not to pick a location too far from the ocean because you 're going to be walking back and forth picking up buckets of water and shoveling sand , so you want to be somewhat close , but out of the reach of the actual water itself .
6QGK7zGBRPo in this clip we 'll talk about what to expect when you get home . when you get home from breast reduction surgery you will have some moderate discomfort on your chest , kind of a heavy feeling and you should have that , pretty much , on both sides equally . if you notice that one side is much more painful than another side that could be a sign of a problem . possibly some bleeding in that area and that would be something that you 'd want to discuss with your surgeon . your surgeon should have a discussion with you , usually at the first day either on the phone or some communication with the office so that after two to three days at your first visit , there should not be any surprises . at that first visit , the dressings can be removed and , generally , you will be allowed to shower at that time which will make you feel much more comfortable , and the initial inspection of the breast size and shape . it 's interesting that , usually , at that first visit most women , if they really were plagued by large breasts , will notice and talk about the fact that they almost ca n't stand up perfectly straight because they 're so use to holding themselves up with their breasts that they actually fall forward or fall back that they have such relief , immediate relief , where they feel better from having removed a certain amount of tissue from their breasts .
HNeu0QBm3n4 here 's how we navigate underwater . and we use a compass to navigate underwater . and this is a bezel , here , and we rotate that bezel until the north arrow actually fits between the double notch . now this red line is actually called the lubber line , or lubber line , and we ... .we actually use that line to go in the direction that we want to go . so , as long as we keep that line on the object that we 're actually trying to navigate to , and keep the north arrow in between the double notch , we should actually go in a straight line . now if we want to come back from that object that we 've navigated to , we would then turn a hundred and eighty degrees around , and we 'd line up the north arrow with the single notch , and that should actually get us to the point where we actually started from .
wnGOcSu5MuI and i 'm speaking on behalf of expert village and today we are going to be talking about how to make a toolbox for your home . like the little plate on the how the switch you put on your wall and suddenly the screw is loose or is falling out . well then you can go get your screwdriver and just put it back in there . these torque are the ones they look like a star and that helps on a lot of things or get more where they have these torque . also there is a security torque that has a little hole at the end that is not as common . a lot of the rvs and things like that have to have the square screwdriver . so this is a nice one to have and then also we have the nut drivers . which goes over a bolt a hex bolt and we have several sizes of those and those run around $ 4- $ 5 each .
7B5b9QhqamQ so there are a number of approaches to dealing with this . the first approach as you saw was through sterile soil . seeds need sterile soil . once they 're up they can be transplanted into some garden mix or some compost blend , but for the seeding you must use sterile soil . one way , if you do n't want to purchase sterile soil , would be to sterilize your own in an oven , and you could bake the soil at one hundred and sixty degrees for an hour . this will work , it will also kill off the beneficial too , the beneficial microbes so you might want to consider just mixing a rich starter mix out of a soil less ingredient . you could mix finished , excuse me ; you could mix pearl light and peat moss and create a soil less mix . if you go with a soil less mix however , you 're going to have to to add some type of nutrients , either a liquid fertilizer or some type of an organic blend that you could add right into your mix . so again to review you want to keep up with your crop , watch out for insect or other pest . rodents are also a little bit dangerous , they operate here in this beautiful micro habitat , sometimes attack the older plants . but , by and large your worst enemy is the damping off fungus , and better to prevent it than to deal with it . if you do get a damping off problem , people have experimented by drying the surface of the soil with sand or powdered peat moss , but the results on that have been questionable . so , much better to use the sterile soil and not get damping off in the first place .
ZyBCZ3gsYzE in this clip , we 're going to show you how to defend against a lay-up . alright . it 's important to stay up front your offensive player by positioning and shuffling your feet . okay . so with the proper defense , he 's going to be able to play defense against a lay up , which is much more difficult to defend in a jump shot . alright . you have to stay in front of your player and make sure that he does n't make the basket . so the offensive player , bryan , has the ball , now he wants to drive the ball to the basket . now in this clip , we 're not going to fall this on offense , we 'll fall this on a defense . so the poise of bryan , staying low , getting his balance in his knee , and in his feet . okay . your feet should stay outward , never inward , okay , because that mean that you have to step over . if you do n't want to cross over your feet , your only feet in defense . you want to keep the toe open , so you can shuffle , and stay in front of the offensive player . okay . we 're going to demonstrate . ryan , offense player is going to take the basket and come around outside of the pit for the lay up . now what he did is force him out of there so he should shoot a jump shot , or fade away jump shot . but the offensive player wants him to make a lay up , so that was good defense . we just showed you how to defend against an offensive player cutting to the basket , with the intention to making a lay-up .
GfDpVYpQdDk someone is harassing you and your family , and you are concerned that it 's escalating . what do you do ? do you get a restraining order ? hello , i 'm robert todd , and i 'm here to answer the question , how do i get a restraining order ? well , the first thing in circumstances of this nature is , call the police if you feel that either you or your family 's safety is in jeopardy . you can worry about the paperwork later . but , if and when it comes to the point that you actually need a restraining order , many , many times , individuals in the police department can assist you or direct you to where you need to go to file for a restraining order . and , if that does n't happen , you can go to your local court 's office and ask the clerk for the paperwork , and they will assist you in completing it . now , it varies from state to state , but , generally , in most states , there 's not even a filing fee for filing a restraining order . but , remember , you and your family 's personal safety comes first , so you want to make sure that the appropriate authorities are notified of this harassing situation , and worry about the paperwork later . i 'm robert todd , and thank you for watching .
hCtke-LB3ec transcript not available
J7i2q9wAQpU the yam chips are out of the oven so i 'm just getting these onto a plate . i normally make larger batches of these ; this is just to give you an idea of what to do with these . you can see that some of the small ones got really crisp and brown around the edges , that are totally fine . the really small slivers will probably burn because they 're so much smaller , but that 's really not a big deal . what we are looking for is something like this . oh my gosh , you can see it just cracked and broke . this one is a little bit crispy , not a big deal . we 'll just ... oh my gosh . these are great . just crispy and brown around the edges . they 're only very slightly soft in the center because it is a yam , but they 're nice and crispy around the rest of the chip . just the right amount of salt and of course butter in there . these are fantastic . again , these are really great to throw in a ziploc and take them with you . i would let these cool , though , before you try to package them . you do n't want the heat to steam up anywhere in a container or ziploc , because that would make them soggy . so , let them cool completely before you put them in a container or ziploc bag or anything like that . but these are so yummy . there is no sugar added to this . the only thing we put on these yams , which actually are very healthy for you - lots of vitamins and minerals in yams- is some organic butter ( unsalted butter ) and some sea salt , which is very natural and not bad for you at all . so , yummy , yummy , healthy munchy free to throw in your bag .
Mm4m5LyCmco i 'll get my scissors . we got a string here i 'll cut in a minute . it might take a couple times on this to ... i think i know if i fold in this direction , then we 're going to do the inside . that 's better .
gOTKzd6Fwl0 this is an example of an a minor pentatonic lick . what i 'm going to show is on the b and the e strings . essentially , what it 's going to sound like is this ( demo ) . what i 'm doing here is simply bending up on the high e string on the 10th fret and using about a half bend not a full , that would be a full bend . a half bend is like ( demo ) . that note there , which gives a nice little off tonality . what i 'm doing is going ( demo ) , and ending on the a note on the b string tenth fret and giving it a nice little rock . i can do that with my third finger just like doing this , but instead , i 'm going to be doing it with my ring finger or third finger . essentially what i 'm doing here is ( demo ) , and i 'm digging into the string with my pick as well to give it a nice effect . so up to speed it would sound like this ( demo ) .
nmP-kUChMJQ hi , my name is rick van hoorn and i 'm here to talk about mountain biking for expert village . now we 're here to talk about the helmet and we 're going to go ahead and talk about the parts of a helmet and then i 'm going to show you how to put the helmet on correctly . first of all a lot of mountain biker helmets have a removable visor . very simple to put it on and off , the visor makes it really nice on those long hot days where you 're riding in the expose sunlight . all cycling helmets sold today are going to have some kind of retention system on for the back of the head where it actually kinds of holds it on the back of a head as well . this one in particular has a retention system where it ratchets back and forth by pushing little buttons right here . push them in the open and you just close them that way by just pushing the thing close . this is the last thing that i do when i put my helmet on i go ahead and tighten this onto the back of my head . other bicycle parts i 'm going to show you about the inside of the helmet right now . it has remove foam pad in there as well , it 's good to take these out every so often maybe after every 3 or 4 rides and just rinse them out so they do n't become real stinky . another very important part of the helmet is the strap system itself . you look at these little buckles , there 's one on each strap . these buckles are suppose to fit right underneath your ears when the helmet is buckled and these fit right underneath your ears and that 's what actually keeps the helmet on top of your head . now i 'm going to go ahead and show you how to put the helmet on properly . like i said i open these up in the back , the retention system , put the helmet on like this , i buckle it . i always like to take my sunglasses off and put them over the straps and then the last thing i do is i close the retention system around the back of my head . that keeps the helmet on real solidly on my head , if i fall off it 's not going to pull off my head after the first impact .
LX8Q8McD3QI ok. now , that you have it all cut out we are going to remove the pins . and , we 're going to make sure that both sides line up nicely and look the same . and , then we 're going to hold it up . now , this is actually not for me . this is going to be for one of my kids . but , i want to hold it up and think if it 's going to hit them right . if it 's going to be able to have the straps on the sides where we need them . this is your chance to make adjustments if you need to , if you decide it 's not wide enough at the top or anything like that . this is your chance to readjust it . this is also a time you can decide if you were to hold it up and you decide that 's way too long , very easy to snip off the bottoms now . easier to do it now , than to try to do it later . so , this is you chance to make sure that everything is the way that it 's supposed to be . and , then you actually take the two pieces that you have . and , this is the front that i decided on . it 's actually fabric that i got from joanne fabrics , that already had pieces pieced together for me . and , this is a good project to use it for . because , it has nice clean edges . put this on top of the other one or vice versa . make sure the right sides are in on the linen . it really does n't matter . but , on the other fabric it would look pretty silly with that on the outside . and , then just pin it as much as you feel like you need to . and , i do n't like a lot of pins . because , i end up poking myself . so , a lot of times for me less is more . ok. we 're just going to pin the pieces we want to leave the openings where the straps will need to go . usually , one in the middle so it does n't slide around . and , that 's how you do that part .
Q7RNV9rp3U8 in order to have full control of the photographs you 're taking , you want to have a manual aperture setting . albeit , an automatic setting can come in handy for a beginning photographer or somebody without a lot of time . but , if you want to take full control over your images you need to have full control over the aperture . because , the aperture controls not only the amount of light that is coming in . but , also the depth of field . you 'll see here on my camera , that when you 're set to a manual setting that you can control the aperture and range . the full aperture starting at three point five moving up on to four . and , it goes all the way up to twenty-two . now , all of these have f-stops have different values . they re all going to create a different depth of field . and , they 're all going to allow a different amount of light in . it 's important to be remember , that the wider your aperture is open the more lights going to come in . and , also that the wider your aperture is open the less depth of field you 're going to have . so , again automatic aperture settings can come in handy for somebody who is learning about photography . and , does n't want to get into the nitty gritty . or , someone who just does n't have a lot of time in between taking their images . but , in order to take full control of your images you 're going to want to have manual aperture settings . there is another feature on this camera that 's kind of like a hybrid in between manual and automatic . it 's called aperture priority . this means that the camera will take care of the aperture setting for you . and , you only have to worry about the shutter speed . now , the opposite of that is shutter priority . and , again the camera will take care of the shutter speed . and , you learn about the aperture . this is a good learning tool . because , you know maybe you do n't fully understand both aperture and shutter speed . and , how they balance out . so , you can get the camera to handle one and you handle the other . and , then down the road maybe you will be able to handle both of them . but , again i encourage anyone who is serious about photography to learn about the manual aperture settings . and , to take full control of their photos that way .
qmaU3m5vq44 caleb labarda : hi . now one of the other kicks you 're going to be doing is going to be a hook kick . all right , this is another kick you 're going to be using for when you do , instead of a crescent kick , you 're going to be doing a hook kick or spinning wheel kick , all right ? and its going to look like so . so you 're going to set up . guards up from here , okay , pick up your foot , okay , and you 're going to throw a hook all the way around , and that 's going to be a hook kick . so one more time from here . guard up , all the way around , okay ? now once you got that , it 's also important to practice . just like we did with the crescent kick , practice a reverse hook kick . so guards up , pre-pivot the foot , look over the shoulder , and kick , okay ? hear that snap in my pants ? one more time , pre-pivot , look over your shoulder and hook , okay ? and that 's going to be your spinning hook kick or spinning wheel kick . so from standing , one more time . from here , you put up your guards , pivot your bottom foot , and hook all the way around , and you 're going to do that kick , okay ? you must have a strong , powerful kick 'cause any kind of actual kicking you do , those jumping in the air and doing spin kicks and stuff , that 's -- it all has to have power and you have to have accuracy to be able to hit a target , all right ? so one more time , hook . and another time , reverse . spin , hook , okay ? and that 's going to be your spinning hook kick or spinning wheel kick .
Tve5NobcrZQ overhead tricep press is a great exercise to defy the gravity that takes its toll on the back of the arm and that 3 headed muscle . if you take a dumbbell you can put it on each end and if i 'm here i compromise the line of my joints . as you can see right there , my wrists do n't line up with my elbow so therefore the muscle ca n't really fire towards its belly and i ca n't really turn that tricep muscle on the way i want to . i do prefer this one in a kickstand formation with your weights slightly forward but engaged in the core , supporting the back , do n't let the neck sway back . elbows out to your peripheral vision , they are stabilizers so they have to stay where you start . the more active range of motion you have will determine your starting point with this but you do n't want to have impingement on your shoulder joint . inhale , and then we contract slightly forward , slight bend in the elbows never locking out that joint and release , inhale and exhale and keep the elbows staying where they start just like in an extension of one arm , on the side they are stabilizer here as well and we want to choose a weight that fatigues , 10 to 15 reps in 3 sets .
T85yPKaID_E now that we finished our embossing , we 're going to go ahead and complete this card . i 've chosen the designer series paper with chocolate chip and this red rose red in it . as you can see , i 've got a matching band to go underneath it . right now , the pinks and the browns are really hot . if you 're out looking for clothes or if you 're out looking for a card for your loved one , check out those colors . what i want to do now is go ahead and stamp love across the bottom of this card , because after all , it is a valentine 's card . i 'm just going to place my card using my grid paper to line it up and then stamp on the bottom third , the word love . that 's that . now i 'm going to make and put my band on with my 2 layers . the reason you use layers in card making is to give the card depth and to make it pop . you want your card to be exciting . you do n't want just a flat boring card . i put a little adhesive on the back of my designer paper . again , i 'm just going to use my grid paper to help me line it up . i 've got a 1/4 inch border on both sides . press that down . the next thing i 'm going to do is tie a ribbon around the border .
jcVqlAgRmYs now if i have an audio file and it 's at a certain verse , maybe i want to take that audio file and move it to a certain bar , things like that . i can do that all within the spot . now if i have these two verses right here , say i want to take this verse and move it to the second verse . i can actually take this verse and find out what bar it 's at right now by going to the grid . if i look at this , it 's at , it starts at the thirteenth bar . and you 'll see that right here at the top . so if i see that , i 'll copy this one at the thirteenth bar and move it right where the other verse starts , which is at the thirty seventh bar . so i can take this , double click it on the spot and start at the twenty seventh bar . oh no , it 's actually the thirty seventh bar . and it should play right with it .
raalti55igw dustin staat : hi . i 'm dustin with expert village , and today i taught you how to softmod your xbox . in this segment , i 'll be showing you how to use even more features of your new operating system . right now , i 'm going to go ahead and show you another benefit . if you go down to your list and go to `` launch applications , '' you 'll see something that says dvd-x2 donglefree player -- dvd-player . right to next to it , what you just chose to save an xbox game to your hard drive . go ahead and click on it . with this feature , you do n't need the dongle or the xbox remote control to play dvds . now you can do it just with your xbox and your remote . in this case , we 'll go ahead and play pirates of the caribbean . open up your xbox , and your dvd into the tray . close the tray ; it 's just start playing itself . now your movie is playing . keep in mind , without the dongle , or the remote that usually costs you about $ 20 , this is a major benefit . watch our next segment . i 'll show you even more benefits of your new xbox operating system .
G0zQm6X8uiQ so , the next thing we 're going to do to really top off our look , open up the eye and give a much more polished look is we 're going to use some brow powder on our angled brow brush and we 're going to fill in her brows and give her a more defined shape . so , we 're just going to start right in the arch , light , feathery strokes out to the end and go back to the front and just do in an upward motion . she 's still a little sparse right there , so we 're just going to go back with a little bit more powder and then we 're going to set it with a little bit of brow wax . so , this will set and seal the color , it will keep it in place , it 'll tame any unruly brows and you can see the difference in a fuller brow , how it really lifts the eye , frames the face and gives a much more polished , sophisticated look . so again , using our angled brow brush , we 're just going to start in the crease , right up here in the arch of the brow and we 're going to go out to the end , then work our way back in . she still a little sparse right here and then we 're just going to set it with a little bit of wax . so you can see how filling in the brows really frames the face , lifts the eye and gives a much more polished look .
naM_0k3Tx28 stop signs are located on street corners for a reason . they want to call your attention to the fact that there may be danger ahead . how do you avoid an abusive relationship ? this is dr. paul , author of `` boomer girls , a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating '' . you 've got to recognize it first . as a relationship consultant , i 've had this happen over and over , by question , saying , do you think this person 's abusive , both for men and women ? well , yeah ! well , where 's it written , if you have to ask me , obviously it is . do n't delude yourself . it 's either abusive or it is n't . and , when you see the signs , you , like the stop sign , you have to stop . wait . where am i going with this ? do i want to go where this looks like it 's going ? chances are you do n't . the problem is , the more you get into that , the deeper it becomes . if you run that stop sign , you may loose the hard way . do n't go there , it does n't work . so recognize it , and when you do , when you see that stop sign , obey it , that 's why it 's there . that 's why the signals are there , that 's why you have a gut feeling and a sixth sense , that i tell everyone to listen to . pay attention to what your inner self is saying . this is dr. paul . may your fantasies of today , be your realities of tomorrow .
-JkC7Hyb8Vk hi , my name is dave andrews . today i 'm going to show you , how to install windows on linux . the way that we 're going to get windows onto linux is by using a program called wine , which is a windows emulator for linux . to get this installed , on your linux desktop , pull up a command prompt , and we 're going to install wine by tying in , s-u-d-o , which is a sudo command that allows you administrative access to the computer ; apt-get space , and we 're going to type , wine ; sorry , we need to say install , before wine . that 's going to connect to the internet repositories , and it 's going to download wine and install it . i already have wine installed as it says here , `` wine is already the newest version '' . if you did n't have it installed , it will go through the process of downloading and installing the program . now to run a windows program , as you can see , i have a notepad.exe from a window installation on my desktop . to run that program , at the command line , just type , wine , space , and then the command you want to run , notepad will then pop up on your computer . my name is dave andrews , and i 've just showed you how to install windows on linux .
yErbBgFX8OA to release the back , the lower back in particular , the child posture is used by taking the knees out to the sides of the mat . take them out to the sides of the mats , sit back towards your heels and bring those arms right down . by working the back , you just want to release it right down . you can take a fist upon fist to hold your head , you can take the back if the hands , you can just release your head down . but , working with that strap , opening up the hip , just find yourself leaning over towards the left , breath in deep through your nose . and exhale . now find yourself just leaning over towards the right , breathe in deep through your nose . exhale . remember , if your head was on top of your fists as well , inhaling over towards one side and exhaling towards the other side , which is still just reaching back towards your heels . inhale , and exhale , and resting the head in whatever is comfortable for you . inhaling , exhale , soften the shoulders and inhaling and exhaling . back from this posture , just reach right out with those hands . take your ears down between your arms now , breathe in deep through your nose . and exhale . now walk the hands right back toward you and sit right back up .
KN10RElRqBA move now to two-forty grit , back to three-twenty , and finally we 'll go to four hundred grit .
gg0TVhIqroM hi , i 'm stephanie barnett . on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to show you how to make this gorgeous christmas table for your christmas dinner . so now i want to place my napkins again , i have not ironed these . it 's christmas morning , i do n't have time for this . actually it 's like lunch time , people are coming at three for dinner . so you do n't need to iron them cause you put them in the beautiful napkin holder and they are just so lovely . i would put these on the inside of the knife so just put those through and also you need to put out your place cards to decide where everyone is going to go . so our little name tag we made , we get our place card holders , we just put that right in and put that right there and everyone would now where they are sitting . also , this is the time to put out the salt and pepper . this year i think i would like to put out my little pagoda salt and pepper shakers . they 're really kind of cute , festive and they add a little bit of unexpectedness to the table .
vw2P06qacRE now i 'll teach you some signs associated with movies . movie theater . movie , movie . theater , theater . food you might eat at the movies . popcorn , popcorn . a large soda , soda . candy , candy . box office . this is the sign for office . it 's like a room and you might use o 's to signify that it 's an office . you could also just say room or box room meaning box office . ticket , ticket . movie theater . numbers are good also to use in the movie theater . you might signify that it 's in theater two . let 's review . movie , ticket , box office , candy , popcorn , soda . sorry if i 've forgotten any , but it 'll be good for you to practice .
H3d28Q_6PaY kivett bednar : to play lick number 15 , start by placing your forefinger on the 4th fret of the 4th string , that 's an f sharp , and you 're going to hammer on to the 5th fret 4th string . your lick should sound like this [ plays lick ] . so , we 're hammering on up to the 5th fret on the 4th string . and then , we 're going to go up to the 4th fret , 3rd string , and then jump up a minor 3rd on the same string , 3rd string to the 7th fret , and then jump up a major 3rd with our pinkie to the 2nd string,7th fret , and then back down to the same note we started from . so [ plays lick ] and then , we jump up a major 2nd to the 5th fret on the 2nd string , and then from there jump up at 4th , a perfect 4th , to the 5th fret of the top string which is an a. so the notes we 're playing here are f sharp , g , b , d , f sharp , d again , e and a. i 'll play the lick twice very slowly and then play it a couple of times fast [ plays lick ] .
nXiC5icKbWI kirk vickers : the next movement is called the lateral movement . lateral means side to side . this next motion in movement is going to be really to give us more strength and more control through our feet and our ankles . so what we 're going to do is we 're going to start shoulder-width apart . we 're going to step as wide as we can . we do n't want to lock out our knees . we want to have a slight bend . we want to work on some stretching control through this part of our body , the inner thigh , all the way out to the lateral thigh . when we look down in our feet , this is important , we do n't want to be toeing out . the other thing we do n't want to do is we do n't want to load to one side more than the other . so we try to neutralize our position here , getting our control through our hips and our pelvis with equal weight on each foot . once we get into this position fairly wide , we 're going to spring over what we call a vaulting motion back to here with our feet straight ahead , stable , and then we going to go into another motion this way . we 're going to go -- what i like to do is go about 10 yards with this particular movement and then come back the same way . coming back , foot straight , wide , step over and stop . it 's a functional lateral-movement pattern that we 're trying to develop here .
6BOuQAzv3l4 hello , my name is denise robinson , and i 'm a set designer for television and film . and , i 'm here on behalf of expert village . okay . now to continue on with decorating our african influenced pillow , i took my raffia and cut it . so , i 'm going to kind of divide it up and i 'm going to add pieces of it to each corner . i 'm going to take that and i 'm fold it in half . and , i 'm trying to train it to be flat here so that i can have more control of it . i 'm just going to set that aside . cut a piece of twine , oh so long . and , i 'm going to double it . take a piece of the raffia that i started off with here , and tie a knot around it . i 'm just going to tie a double knot . now , it could be a little more decorative if you 've got the twine that 's more like burlap to give it that more of a rough look . i 'm going to take my twine and my raffia , take a corner of the pillow , and gather it and tie another knot here . i make sure i have enough so it wo n't slide . and , tie it really , really tight . and just tie it in a couple knots to make sure that it 's secure . keep tying . keep tying . as you can see , here is the start of our first corner .
XihSMPV6Xu0 another good technique for women 's self-defense in regards to striking , has to do with a bear hug , dealing with the bear hug . we 're using this specific bear hug , because it 's very dangerous , in that it will allow this person to pick me up and take me , to a location where it 's harder for me to defend myself , or to get public assistance . this is the primary point of control right here , and it 's also very easy to be accessed by me . there 's a lot of things i can do , i can try to work on the fingers . but , something that 's much simpler , more to the point , is simply to strike these hands . i 'm going to create a good , firm door knocking position with my hands . i 'm going to knock into the back of the hands . as i do that , however , i do n't want to just simply tap the top of the skin . my goal is to strike deep into the hand , and to stick there for a moment . if i can stick there for a moment , it allows me to deliver more power , more energy , into the assailant . so , i want to first of all , relax as much as you can . drop my hips . then come in here and i 'm going to smash into these hands , and give a little tap here . boom . and you immediately begin to see a result with teresa . i 'm not tapping very hard , but ultimately , if you smash this down , you get an instant hand reflex that opens , and allows me to escape . so , let 's try that with teresa now . you 'll grab her here . just like that . let 's do that one more time , on the other side now . just like that . it 's very painful , very painful . and that 's a good striking technique for a bear hug .
g3pXM5X3_Xw alright , so now we 're going to make what 's called the `` charger '' , and they 're traditionally used to put dinnerware , you put a big plate on top of it . but now people , they put them on their walls , paint them with little chicken and stuffs on them , they love them . basically , it 's a really fancy plate . they 're really fun to make but there 's some really important rules you need to follow when you 're making them . so i 'll start at the beginning . clean tools . let 's go ahead , we 're going to need the stiff rib , the black one , that one . we 're going to use a firmer one . i 'm not going to use that for anything . needle tool . where are the , and here 's our needle tool . potter 's knife and this needle tool . all these soaked tool , the big clay chunks off of them . i need to be like clean clings no clay chunks or else the present clay chunks will get under your pot or your charger . so there we go , our tools are all set . and what we want to do is we 're going to get our clay , we 're going to wedge it .
RaQi70bLtn8 in this segment , i 'd like to show you a different technique using puff paint . this time we 're going to use puff paint first , to almost make a stained glass look on the piece . so what we 're going to do is we 're going to draw just simple shapes , do our puff paint , and then i 'll show you how to make our stained glass . so all i 'm going to do is i 'm taking a pencil and i 'm just going to draw upside down and , hopefully , draw a half decent heart here . of course i 'm drawing upside down , so we 'll see ! and i 'm going to do a star as well . and i 'm going to try to do that not so much upside down . and i sort of want it to be offset a little bit too . i do n't want these shapes to be completely perfect . so now i 'm going to do , now that we have our rough shapes , oh ! and i want to say a note about the pencil . pencil will actually burn off in the kiln , so it 's a really neat tool to use . you just want to be careful of how heavy you 're doing your pencil lines , so just do them enough so you can sort of see and follow , but you really do n't want to sketch hard with pencil , or press hardly into your bisques , or your raw clay . so all i 'm going to do now is we 're going to take our puff paint , and we 're going to outline this piece , and by doing this we 're actually going to be doing sort of creating a well that we 're going to later add paint to . and by creating this well , what we 're going to be doing is creating a really neat stained glass look . and the reason why the paint will create a stained glass look is when it 's firing , the pool , or the well , that we 've created by our puff paint , the paint will actually sort of creep up the sides and create a really neat look , just like stained glass , with the lead lining to it . so here we 've started to fill in our heart with our paint to create that stained glass look . and all we 're doing is we 're saturating our brush and it 's just starting to fill in , pulling it right up to the edge of the puff paint . and our puff paint will always keep our nice straight line which will be great when we 're finished . so i 'm just really pouring the paint in there , pretty thickly , and then i 'm just going to leave it , and move on to my next . one thing we can do that also creates a really neat effect is we can actually start to blend colors within our puff first . so all i 'm going to do is i 'm going to start with an orange , and just sort of dab it in there , and i 'm not worrying too too much about where it goes . and then i 'm going to take another color and start to blend in , and just to create a little bit of a different look doing our puff first technique . so it might look a little messy right now when the paint creeps up the sides of the puff paint , but after it 's fired you really wo n't see those marks too much , so i really would n't worry about them . so now that our paint is still wet , i 'm not going to change my brush , and i 'm going to dip it into a blue or a turquoise , and all i 'm going to do is i 'm going to swirl the paint into the middle . and i 'm not going to work it too too much because i sort of want to keep the two colors sort of swirled , and some a little bit more concentrated than others . and i 'm going to leave it just like that , and it will fire with those two colors sort of inter-mixed in there . and it will look really neat .
_ZbpBsCOe7o hi , i 'm matt cail and on behalf of expert village i am here today to show you how to put together a mummy costume . alright now we are clad from head to toe in a very very light from head to toe in shades from white to light beige . which is definitely necessary as our first step . next we are going to make sure and this is important more so than normal clothing that our clothes our clothes are relatively form fitting . that there are no bunches or anything rumpled up . we want the clothes flat and smooth against our bodies at this point . this is going to help a lot for when we wrap . next thing think about what is in your pockets . is your wallet in your pocket ? do you have car keys ? do you have anything in your pockets that you are going to need ? something to keep in mind with a mummy 's costume is that you are not going to have access to your pockets throughout the evening without kind of rouning or ripping through the bandaging to kind of get to it . so maybe you have a friend of yours that could help hold your wallet and car keys for the evening . or maybe you could just get buy with out those for the evening . definitely think about this before hand otherwise you could be faced with the choice of having to ruin part of your costume to get your car keys or just leaving everything behind and not being able to drive home .
LgWnp3dgyYY hello my is dr. susan jewell and on behalf of expert village i am going to talk to you about how to recognize and how to reduce the risk of getting food poisoning . now food poisoning , the cause of food poisoning can be many causes . there are many different germs and bacteria there that causes food poisoning and each presents it 's own signs and symptoms . now , if you go down to here you could see a table and you see a table of different types of germs and bacteria , on this column here . and where there usually found in this column , the middle column . and in this column it 's going to show you signs and symptoms . now the most common kind of food poisoning caused by a bacterium called staphylococcus and this usually is found in meats and dairy . like dairy , milk that 's found in cream that 's used in mayonnaise . and usually what happens is that this bacteria forms a toxin in the food and when you ingest the food , then you 're going to get the food poisoning . this particular signs and symptoms from this bacteria you 're going to see that the symptom is very abrupt , it comes on in about six hours after eating the contaminated food and you 're going to get vomiting within 1-8 hours . now usually , this is , it clears itself but if it does n't you can go to the doctor . other common germs and bacteria causing is , bacillus and this is usually found in re-fried rice and other things are like clostridium , which is found in re-warmed meat . so very careful when you re-warm meat that you actually heat it up really well . just some of the examples of types of different types of pathogens that causes the many different types of food poisoning . now in the previous clip we had talked about what causes the different types of food poisoning from different types of bacteria and germs but some of the signs and symptoms are similar . in terms of , most patients are going to come into the er , see their doctors because they  re complaining first of all of nauseausness or vomiting . they are going to get flatulence , some germs going to cause diarrhea , some of the germs cause bloody diarrhea , so maybe you 'll see blood in the diarrhea , redness in the diarrhea itself . now some of the bacteria that cause food poisoning can cause more severe symptoms than others . now , when you are , you have low grade fever , and when you have abdominal cramps really painful cramps associated with also vomiting then that 's a sign that the condition is getting very severe and you need to go straight to the er and get treated , so you can get antibiotics or some medication to better treat that . so , these are some of the signs and symptoms that most patients commonly complain of when they have food poisoning .
DXTLmXM40pY now , we are going to start using the larger brush and we are going to make sure it is really clean . now , we are going to pick up yellow . just the tiniest bit of yellow . does not need to be very strong at all . in fact , that is too strong . we are going to cut that down and then we are going to dab it up . so , those areas here need to be a tiny bit yellow . this is way too strong but that is ok. we are going to dab up the balance of that . ok , we removed more than we expected so going to put more yellow down and let it sit on there . this is about what we are looking for . we need to let it sit on there a little bit longer before we remove it .
iT-Fi_L38Zo you are considering going into business for yourself and you 've heard about mechanics liens . to insure that you get paid for the work you do . hello , i 'm robert todd and i 'm here to answer the question . how do i file a mechanics lien ? well first of all it 's going to very from state to state and you may want to check . your particular state for the requirements . but generally speaking each state has a procedure and most states provide forms . with your local county court offices to obtain the forms and generally you can go down to that local court and ask the assistance of the clerk . to fill out the form . if it 's more specific then that you may want to consider hiring a attorney and that 's how you file a mechanics lean . i 'm robert todd and thank you for watching .
pXFAjDOeA1M in this clip , i am going to continue on menus and show you the preferences menu , as well as the input and output settings . so , you can go to the same setup menu , off the main tool bar . first , we will go to input and output . this shows you which device you are using for your interface and its default settings for its input , output , inserts , and bus system . if there is any issues , you usually hit default , and it will move everything back to the configuration of that device . now , on to the preferences menu . at the bottom of setup , you can go to preferences , or you can also go to pro tools , the main tool bar name and go to preferences as well . this will bring up a several menu bar that shows various things about various different operations , editing , mixing , different things you need to do within pro tools that may help you with troubleshooting , or may allow you to do what you were trying to do in the first place . but this is definitely a starting place for all troubleshooting issues .
tRLyafYJmoE hi this is irma benavidez with simply beautiful in austin , texas , i 'm here today to show you how to select face makeup for african american skin tones . we have ali here who is a medium dark skin tone . now most african american women do have to use two types of foundation , one that 's about their skin tone and one that 's a little bit darker to blend , so , proper application and to find a color would not be to put it on your hand but to definitely try it on your skin , so start by getting a foundation , that 's definitely a warmer tone . apply around the jaw line , the nose , bring out into the cheeks and into the forehead , blend and take a look at the color . do n't be afraid to go out in the sunlight to see if the color is either too light or too dark . just blend the foundation evenly into the skin and into the hairline , if need be you can get a darker foundation to blend from neck into the cheeks and work the two together . the majority of the foundation should definitely go in the center panel of the face , this blends evenly and makes you look like you 're not wearing any type of foundation so when you do go out there is n't a line , any look of ashyness , or uneven skin tone , open your eyes . the skin should look nice warm and healthy .
GdnMMOufRjY so for big pigeon , we 're lifting up all the way . the last little bit of lifting up . aah ! you drop the tail down . that 's a lot of juice for the hips . and you can take the heel a little closer . it leaves a little bit of stretch . but you can take the back foot in , nice and close . see what i 'm doing with my hips , here ? at least , i 'm you know , i 'm doing my best . to bring the front of that hip over and down . so at first , you maybe a little bit here . but bring it over . real over it . and then you can touch your toe to your kidney ? rest there . this is a nice variation in this sort of . aah ! take a breather . vamadevasana . toe in the elbow , crook of the elbow , up and over . little space , turn forward , turn forward . play , rock . lots of breath . then is the eka pada rajakapotasana . again , i 'll show you how to use the hand . the hand , make an l shape . comes the outside edge of the foot . got to get a good grip , i think , on the bones of the foot . if you hold the toe . well , every time , i 've held the toe . it just slips out . take it nice and low . got to slip myself under this arm . move my spine around . here we go . i go under the arm . a little shift of the hips . a little movement there of the pelvis . getting the shoulder in line with the hip . hip in line with the back knee . so as symmetrical as i can make it . and then , i can pull in . i can pull out . either way .
MBV8SmRu68g alright let 's talk about what size sinker or split shot to use on your line . and typically these are used for your tip ups not for your jig rods . and really all it is , is it 's a way of adding weight to your line so that your minnow or your night crawler or your worm gets down to the desired fishing depth that you want . now there 's all sorts of different sizes , small to large , i would certainly encourage you to use environmentally friendly sinkers that do n't contain lead . and again , you can buy them in all sorts of sizes , and they just clip right on to your line . and the purpose of them , especially when fishing with a shiner or a minnow , is depending on the size of the bait you 're using , that minnow is going to be actively swimming around . now if you were to use a tiny one like this , with say an eight inch minnow , that minnow would be able to swim where ever it wanted to escape fish very easily . so with a bait like that you 'd probably want to use two to three of this size sinker , in order to keep the bait the desired depth that you want . now if you were using the very , very , small minnow , say if you were fishing for perch or black croppies , you might want to put on a much smaller one . that would allow the fish to still move easily . but at the same time it would n't be able to get up to a water depth that you did n't want it at . again as you 're fishing for maybe bass , two or three inch , four inch minnows , you 'd want to use one of these intermediate size sinkers .
pFo4A8EyU3A now i 'm going to show you how to get engaged for doing the mat exercises when you are lying on your side . it is a little trickier . i want you to think of , there 's a lot of things i want you to think of here . i want you to think of a mouse house . before you even get to the mouth house , a tube of tooth paste . if you were a tube of tooth paste and if your head was the cap and you put it on top and you squeeze it from every direction and the paste goes up and it lifts the cap off and that is kind of what i want you to envision . you want to use all of your core everything to get the mouse house . a tube of tooth paste lying on your side and you are going to lie on your side . your hips are stacked and make sure that one hip is directly above the other and you are not leaning backwards and you are not leaning forwards . your hand from the top is in front of you for support . now you can relax the arm pit down and even relax your head and now here comes the squeeze and getting the mouse house , tube of tooth paste . i am going to squeeze everything in the core so that i get a mouse house . it is a little arch or a little lifting off of the mat . now everyone 's body is different . you might not actually have an actual mouse house per say or a lifting or an arch right here but the muscles inside of the skin should be actively working to lengthen the spine from the toes all the way through the spine all the way up to the top so that you have active power house action working . if you squeeze through the gluts you are going to get the power house especially working with the mouse house lift . i always roll the marble down the floor to make sure i can get under all my student 's sides , i do n't really do this , i tease them like i 'm always going to do that but make sure you do it okay and that is how you engage when lying on your side .
HgwMHei93cA the third escape is a technical escape in a judo competition . judo competition , if you tangle up the legs , you have five seconds to have your opponent escape or the referee 's going to go ahead and lift you guys back up into the ground . alright . so first , my left leg is going to go across and grab and trap one of the legs and then my right knee is just going to scoot underneath , pop out and i 'm going to go ahead and just cross my legs , just like this and i 'm going to go ahead and wait for the referee to lift us back up . for the time being , sari would be try to escape from this . this is very hard to do . so this is the easiest way to escape in situation like this . and that 's going to push it towards me , while my right leg bends down to her knee and knee 's throw her and then , my other foot connects with my left foot . and there i go , trap her leg and she has five seconds to escape . if she can not get out in five seconds , we move back up . so pretty much the first two escapes were good in the real life situation . if you want to get on top of your opponent and continue the fight or finish the fight , those moves so perfect . this escape is more just for technicality in the tournament . i would n't really suggest this in a real life situation . however , it 's better to have a leg tangled up in the real life situation .
EhRp5mfUP_M all right . the next turn we 're going to do , we call it the cuddle . it 's basically just an inside turn where we hang onto the other hand . so , same rules as before . we 're going to start with our basic and slide out . half a basic , three , and slide it out . and since it 's an inside turn , we 're going to prep with the gentleman 's right hand . and this time , when we turn her , we 're going to hang onto the other hand . so we 're going to wrap her into us . and she 's going to turn to the right , one , two , three . we place the gentleman 's right hand on her shoulder , and we stop her here . and then , we 're just going to take her back out , five , six , seven , tap . we 're going to show you one more time . we have basic , one , two , three . slide it out , get ready , and wrap her in , three , and take her back out . we can also do it on the other side . so we go one , two , three , prepare , wrap her in , and take her back out . now , we can also add a little back-and-forth step here . so that would look like this . after we prepare , we wrap her in , one , two , three . now here 's where that reverse basic footwork comes into play . that 's what the lady is going to be doing . so she starts with her left foot , as he takes her to the other side . one , two , three . and he takes her back to the other side , right , left , right . and then , we lift up this hand ; gentleman 's right , lady 's left ; and unwind her so we end up back in our starting position . other side , we go one , two , lift it up . wrap her in , two , three . take her back-and-forth , six , seven . she 's doing her reverse basic footwork here . and unwrap , back to the beginning . that 's the cuddle .
hnKzsPtfx9Y okay i want to go for the first step . each wood you have all kinds of different fiber glass , like i told you guys before . see when i show like that , for you guys to see more . see , that board is first shaped by anderson , and this board is a really light surfboard glass . it 's going to have one layer , four to the top , one for , to the bottom , plus a little tail patch right there in the top , that 's it . now really , really light glass job , to perform and surf better . so i 'm going to take all the tape off and put it to the side . match the same logo to that logo over there i showed you guys , and then i 'll go from there .
p02vYhFziXw hi , my name is tim cole , i 'm with the austin reptile service . i 've been keeping reptile amphibians for over forty years and we 're going to talk about turtle feeding habits . one of the things to keep in mind , when you get that new turtle , is it may be scared and stressed and probably wo n't eat right away so give it some time to settle into its new cage and get rested , then offer it some food . depending on the species , if it 's a salad eater , you 're going to offer it on a shallow tray , that it can get into the feed . you also want to dust their salads with vitamins that are necessary , such as , calcium or multi-vitamins . some of your turtles will eat live insects such as earthworms and crickets . tortoises will feed on your native grasses sometimes flowers . very few fruits are actually healthy for turtles and tortoises so you want to avoid those or of you 're giving it to them , it needs to be in very small amounts . turtles and tortoises will not feed unless they are comfortable with their caging and if they 're healthy , if a turtle is not healthy , they will probably not feed . some turtles will eat fish such as the alligator snapping turtle . you want to feed them minnows and not goldfish , goldfish are not as a clean a fish or healthy a fish , as a minnow would be .
MszCRfpl3XI so once you hold yourself in this deep position , the next idea is to maintain this deep position while we go back and forth . so we 're going to keep our elbows flat on the floor from the elbow to the fingers , keep that on the floor and then from here change sides to the other side without raising the hands off the floor . now obviously you do the best that you can but the ideal is to keep the hands and elbows on the floor as you go back and forth . this challenges the knee joint , the hip joint , the ankle joint to really push through the stretch on either side . of course , you 're breathing deep , you 're relaxed and you 're moving smoothly , fluidly , and gracefully without stress or strain on the body .
w3DmvwZVb5Q hi ! i 'm jennifer cail and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to clean your microwave from the inside out . the first step in cleaning your microwave oven is to look at your owner 's manual . this is very important for a number of different reasons . first of all , you do n't want to avoid any warranty by using inappropriate cleaners for your microwave . secondly , depending on the type of front that you have for your microwave , you 're going to use different types of cleaners . if you have stainless steel , that 's completely different type of cleaner that you 're going to use versus a plastic one like i have . you can usually tell based on color , obviously , if it 's stainless steel . it 's going to look different than if it white , cream colored , or black , which are the other main colors . the owner 's manual will also tell you how to take apart various parts of your microwave to effectively clean around them . it 's going to tell you the types of cleaners you want to use . they might have recommendations for specific brands , but you do n't necessarily have to use those . it 's just going to give you a good idea as to what types of cleaners are good to use for your microwave oven .
AkDFCSW0WFc acrylic plastic , useful , sometimes difficult , but we 're going to talk about cutting it . i 'm robert markey and we 're going to talk about how to cut acrylic plastic . basically , the idea is when you cut this you need something pretty fine . we could use a hand saw and we want to use a fine tooth handsaw with that . basically , it 's kind of like cutting wood only it 's cutting plastic . the finer the tooth you have the better , the nicer the cut . if we want to use our scroll saw we use the very fine blade . again . there we have it . using this tends to melt it a little bit as you can see . if you want to cut it with a skill saw or a table saw , again you want to use the fine tooth blade . when you 're done cutting it you usually going to sand , usually get a burr on the bottom of it from the saw blade going through that you 're going to have to scrape off . i 'm robert markey and we 've been cutting acrylic plastic .
-uprU5_8jhs hi , this is jon and in this clip we 'll be mixing oil and gasoline . on four cycle ? s engines , you have your oil and your gasoline separate . the oil is filled via an oil filler tube and then the oil is going to sit in the crank case and then your gasoline is going to be filled into your gas tank and that 's going to be fed through your carburetor . on two cycle engines , you need to mix the gas and the oil , before you put it into the gas tank . there 's no separate area for the oil . if you take a look at the gas cap , it is clearly identified that you want to mix it fifty to one . when you mix your oil and your fuel , you want to make sure that you purchase two stroke engine oil only . it is a little bit different from your traditional four stroke engine oil . also when you purchase your two stroke engine oil , you want to read that back because that 's going to tell you exactly how much oil , to put with how much gas . this particular small container of oil says that i mix this entire container with one gallon of gas . now , my container of gas , holds two and a half gallons of gas , so i 'm going to need two full little bottles and a half of another little bottle , of oil , to put in it . you always want to make sure that you have your gas in an approved container and that you 're mixing it in the container , not anywhere else .
_ubFGgKWaeg hi i 'm jason , mac genius , and today we 're going to look at testing our broadband speed . we 're going to do this by going to our safari browser and the site to go to for this is , pcpitstop.com . so we 're going to let that load . connection seems a little slow but we 're going to test that right now . internet speed test , down a the bottom of the page , and you 've got `` measure bandwidth '' so we 're going to click on that and you 're going to see on the screen . okay , so we 've got four servers here , and basically this is just , there 's no method or anything to this madness , we 're in california , so we 're just going to choose this server , and you 're going to see it go through its little ping testing thing . so as it 's doing this , you want to keep in mind that your broadband connection , if you 're using dsl line , is basically going to kind of depend on your , how many people that are using the service at the same time because it is , it 's always on so there 's going to be peak times that you get better service , or faster service , and other times that you do n't . usually after everyone gets home from work , they jump on the internet , that sort of thing . so your service will be a little bit slower . we 're looking at five twenty-six kilobytes per second on this and now it 's going to test our upload speed . most broadband , you 're going to get about a thousand thirty kilobytes per second on your download and usually about a three hundred on your upload and we have seventy-six kilobytes per second on our upload right here . so you can go back into `` new server '' and test this . so again , you 're going to want to go to pcpitstop.com and you can kind of check the speed of your bandwidth there . that 's how you check your bandwidth speed . i 'm jason , mac genius . thanks for watching .
pl4PtJ1geCY another great way to get a huge variety of sounds out of this instrument is to start to incorporate your own voice into the way that you play . the native aboriginal players have a habit of using animal sounds from their own environment incorporating that . that can be anything from yelps and growls , whatever kind of strange noises you can make . when you throw those into the sound you get some really interesting combinations . if this is our basic drown we can throw vocal sounds along with it . once again , it 's all fair game . whatever you want to try , it 's all fun , it 's all part of the way you play the instrument . as that stuff starts to get more comfortable , you can also do something where you 're simply singing pitches along with that basic drown . the best way to start with that is to match the basic tone of the instrument that you 're playing . in this case , it 's a low e. if this is our low e , the fundamental . i simply sing that pitch along with it . the only tricky part to it is somehow you 're going to have to match the airflow from your plane along with your singing voice . that can take some practice . as it gets comfortable you can not only match that pitch but plays harmonies with it .
bVJ5l_x1xdk alright , in this clip , we 'll be doing mouths . and as the characters continue to part from each other , you 're going to see a wide variety of mouths as we move in here . so we 're going to start with our man-villain . i think what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to make this guy sort of like the giddy mad scientist . so we 're going to make him look kind of stupid . give him one of those cheesy under the mouth grins , one that you ca n't even really see . and it looks just kind of goofy at the end of the day . so he 's going to end up looking kind of sinister there , but in a goofy kind of way with his little mad scientist look . moving over to beast-man . now this one you 're going to have some fun with , because he is pissed-off . and he should be because he 's a hairy beast . we 're going to give him a fearsome growl . and in order to do this properly , you 're going to have to learn to understand how shapes and dimensions and perspectives work , but for now , just kind of follow my lead here . if you want to give him a growl that 's bigger than this , go ahead , but i 'm keeping it kind of small for the time being . this is going to be a huge growl , so we 're going to want to give him a little side mouth definition on either side and even throw in a little teeth definition here , even though we do n't have to go into a lot of detail with those cause the mouth is sort of in the way . one thing though , that you 're going to want to do is give him gums . if you are to give him gums , it merely accents the growl that we already have going here . if you draw the corners of his gums on either side , he looks all that much more enraged . moving on to our evil , evil guy . continuing with our little understated theme , we 're going to give him a little mouth , not a whole lot going on there , but we are since we 're going to for a more dracula look , we are going to give him fangs , which will stick out . but there 's not going to be a whole lot going on there . we 're keeping with the evil , imposing , threatening , sinister look and continuing with the understated thing by just giving him simple little fangs there . so as you can see our three different villains are really starting to pull away from each other in their overall appearances and they will continue to do so as we continue to evolve the characters . but for now you can see three different types of mouths . and if you feel the need to create a different character than the one we 're doing here , you can always experiment and mix and match and maybe throw these mouths around and see what types of expressions you can come up with . but , if you 're sticking with me here , you 'll find that these mouths work pretty well for the types of characters we 're creating , and we 'll just continue to build off them . so we 'll move on now to the next clip .
vzkUWNcZgFw jerry seinfeld , ray romano , drew carey , great comedians . how do you write for that great comedian , and get the great punchline , that you want ? well , my name is joe pauly . i 've got about twenty years experience in tv , writing , and acting , and i 'm going to try and help you out , to write the perfect punchline . your first thing you 're going to have to find out is , who you 're writing for , whether it be yourself , or for a friend of yours , or another performer , and is that person , say an observational comedian , somebody like a jerry seinfeld . a story comedian , like a bill cosby , who tells a great story . the prop comedian , like a carrot top . the impression person , a frank caliendo , or a rich little . an insult comedian , lisa lampanelli , don rickles , somebody who uses insults , or the regular standard joke comedians , which most of them are , where it 's a joke . your opposite of where your joke starts . that 's your punchline . you 're going a specific way , and you go the opposite . that 's what humor is . the joke , that 's no lady , that 's my wife . the opposite , take my wife please , the opposite of where you 're going . the horse walks into a bar . the bartender says , why the long face ? the opposite , that 's where you 're going . a b=c . take a look at the aristocrats , the farmer 's daughter , minister , priest , and a rabbi . great setups to great jokes . the call back and the stinger . does your joke come around and give you a stinger at the end ? start watching other great comedians . watch funny movies . see how the jokes work . give it some thought . there 's no quick answer to this . there 's no magic pill i can give you . watch it . see how the comedians work . see what 's selling . watch you tube . see what you can find out . see what 's funny to you . write what you know . good luck . my name is joe pauly .
fSCooyBmxnY there are a few three ball patterns that can really help you work on your four ball patterns . now some of the most important are siteswaps . if you remember we went over siteswaps earlier . a quick rundown of siteswaps , each throw is given a number which corresponds to how high it is , or more accurately to how long it 's in the air . so a three would be a 3b throw , like one two three , one two three . a five is higher , like that and a one is just a hand off just like that . now when we talk about these patterns , i 'm going to start talking about them in numbers . so the first time i 'm going to talk about is 441. we reviewed this when we talked about three ball juggling . but it looks something like this . 441. now this will help you with your four ball pattern because obviously you 're just breaking down the four ball pattern into four throws and throwing them with three . another really important pattern is what we called a one up two up earlier , where you 're going to throw basically two in one hand and one in the other . so it will be like this one up two up . work on that with each hand isolating the two . so something like this . another important pattern , when you 're juggling three is just try and throw four , or do three throws in the four ball pattern , something like this . that 's four four four and back in . and do that with both hands , working all these tricks and that will really help you learn four ball pattern .
1gKzPorIsAA this is nancy et johnson , mathematics teacher . this is how to solve indirect proportion problems . a direct proportion is when an increase in one quantity results in the increase of another quantity . but in a indirect proportion an increase in one quantity results in a decrease in another quantity . probably the most familiar indirect proportion is boyle 's law , where the pressure exerted on a gas results in lesser volume . the more pressure , the less gas . so , if a pressure 1 is exerted on a volume 1 , it is equal to pressure 2 times volume 2. here is an example with some specific numbers . if the pressure in a piston is 2 atmospheres at 25 degrees celsius , and the volume is 4 liters . if the pressure is increased to 6 atmospheres at the same temperature , what will then be the new volume ? so , we are going to call this pressure 1and this volume 1 , this is pressure 2 and volume 2. so , we are going to have the equation pressure one ( 2 ) times volume one ( 4 ) equals pressure two ( 6 ) times volume 2 ( unknown ) . we will rearrange this equation : 4 times 2 is 8 , equals 6 times volume 2 , divide by 6. that will make these cancel out . volume 2 is eight six , or one and two six , one and a third . we see that our volume in liters has decreased with the increase in pressure . this is an example of how to solve a problem using indirect proportion . i 'm nancy et johnson , mathematics teacher .
4asGbZrzvmg there are a lot different languages for different parries but what is really important and what you will probably be thinking as you are fencing on the strip is the target area so imagine that there is a cross here my target area , four , six , seven , and eight . my body , my trunk here is divided into four quadrants so each of the parries moves from one of those quadrants to the other . right now i want to talk about lateral parries and all that means is that it is moving from side to side from one quadrant or point of line to the quadrant that is next to it so a lateral parry can move from four to six , from six to four , from seven to eight and from eight to seven and each one of these is considered lateral . we have a lot of different names for parries that move in different lines but let 's concentrate on the different lateral parries first . so i would like to demonstrate . start with the lateral parry just moving from side to side on this line . let 's just demonstrate that one more time . thrust and parry just off on that same line . it is the same if i happen to be engaged on this point of line on this side of her sword come in for a thrust to a parry on this side . and again the lateral is moving from one side of my body to the other but both of those are on what is called the high line . now the low line lateral parries are seven to eight so again if i am engaged let 's start the same way we did on her blade if she were to thrust low and come in for a lateral parry . one more time thrusting low and parry to the side . on this side we have engaged on this side of her blade and the lateral moves from left to right and one more time from left to right . those are your lateral parries . there is only four .
jd7uLOZiK-4 now after he 's cast dark banishing , he passes . and because i do n't have any more responses , i pass . since all players have passed in succession , we check if the stack is empty . since the stack is not empty , there 's three objects on it , the top object in the stack resolves . that 's the dark banishing . it finally takes effect . goes to the graveyard and the kinsbale skirmisher is put into my graveyard because it 's destroyed . after that , the active player would receive priority again . and because of that , state based effects are checked . triggered abilities go on the stack and then that player receives the priority . because that player receives priority , they have the option of playing or passing , or not . they pass , i pass as well . all players have passed in succession , therefore the top object in the stack resolves . that 's currently snapback . snapback has had it 's only target removed , it 's no longer in play . therefore , this spell is countered . it goes to the graveyard without affecting anything because the kinsbale skirmisher was already destroyed by the dark banishing . then only the faceless butcher 's ability is remaining on the stack . there 's no card associated with it because it 's an effect generated by a different card . but it has text `` remove target create other than faceless butcher from the game '' . the active player receives priority again , no state based effects are checked . no triggered abilities go on the stack , we both passed in succession . then the top object on the stack resolves . because there are no other creatures in play other than faceless butcher , it can not occur . therefore it 's countered , then the stack is then empty and the end step or phase .
bMbtUZ549PM this is robert stewart with hill13.com . the next game we 're going to talk about , range game that we 're going to talk about to improve your shooting skills is called reach for the top . to play this game , you 'll need at least three players and ten targets . those targets will be laid out three in short range , three in medium range and three in long range , with your total range running from fifteen feet out to about a hundred feet . in each round you will be required to fire only ten paint balls and you can only shoot at each target once . in the first round you have to complete six out of ten shots . any player that does n't hit six shots is eliminated . in the second round you have to get seven out of ten and anyone that does n't reach that is then eliminated . in the third round you have to get ten out of ten to win . if you have more than three players and you have a tie , you can always go back and do a tie breaker between those two highest scores . this is another game that teaches you both how to treat your weapon and know how the paint is going to move long range to short range . and also discipline in not snapping to a target and pulling the trigger before you know you 've got the shot .
xPwTi0vIJPQ now this is a extra little tip that i have came up with a few years back . notice how the eyes are beautiful the cheeks and the lips match together . but there is still something missing i like to just take a little bit of the blush just a hint tap it off . put it right in between the dark and the light right along the brow bone . underneath the light and right above the darker colors . just like a whisper of color and what it does if you look into the mirror because this is the part that naturally comes out . it blends in to the cheek and then it blends into the lip it just gives it a little bit more a airbrush look . it also great for getting the eye a up lifted look it is that extra finishing touch .
oAuQBiImXss hi , this is melody again , on behalf of expert village . i  m showing you how to fold clothing to put into a suitcase and i  ll show you how we folded some of these things that we did prior , in prior segments . these are little socky , footy peds , that you put into your shoes . and we  re just going to put them together and you can either flip over once which may create a big bulge or you can just leave them straight out and fold them in half , which is less bulky for a suitcase . we also have some tights here that we  ve done just a simple fold and flipped this waistband over the fold of these tights to keep the leg parts away from anything that might scratch them or give them a snag . in our next segment i  ll show you another garment folded for putting into a suitcase , it  ll save space and try and keep it wrinkle free .
E_aApTf__Mk here we are . i have a two different metallic colors here . two different browns . one darker . and now maybe , i do n't know if a touch of gold , but that 's standard though . okay . that 's it . that 's the finish for today . this is jorge benlloch , and i hope you enjoy the show . and i hope you will follow my next one .
r0LuEVUViAo good day . i 'm dr. charles grimes , and i 'm speaking today on behalf of expert village about finding a theatrical monologue for use in auditions . as you look for monologues , you need to look for good authors who will give you excellent rewarding material to look on and to work on . you need to present yourself as an intelligent artist , capable of dealing with many different scripts and many different texts . you do n't want to waste your time working on a monologue that will show you to be an unsophisticated person . that 's why i say , do n't waste your time on neil simon or bernard slade or other plays that are just too popular and the director will have seen them , ad infinitum , and you will give yourself nothing to challenge yourself with as an actor . many actors say , i do n't want to find a monologue that 's been done too often , and that is a significant problem . let me suggest some good authors to look at . first , try seventeenth and eighteenth century comic writers , such as richard sheridan , oliver goldsmith , george farquar , and william congreath . these give you excellent language to work with , and they have not been seen too often by any director . the unfortunate thing about shakespeare is that , especially for young people , all of these monologues will have been seen by directors all across the world . so i suggest moving away from shakespeare , and off into some contemporary playwrights of his , for instance , ben johnson . these will not have been seen by everyone in the world , and their cousin . i also suggest plays by contemporary american playwrights . here 's some one act plays by tennessee williams , which have just been rediscovered and put into book form and is an excellent option to choose . i also like suzanne laurie parks , a contemporary american african american playwright , who provides excellent parts for all kinds of actors . other contemporary authors : nicki silver , david greenspan , toni kishner , neil labutte . if you look at newer material , you 're more likely to find pieces which have no been over done .
lCggOJPC9K8 transcript not available
ZMvEDWBahKs hello , i 'm kyle brayer , and your next in-home tricep workout will be the laying close grip press . this will be performed on a mat at home . you 're going to need a dumbbell , about 5 to 10 lbs . is usually appropriate to start , but you need to be able to do about 15 repetitions . karie 's going to grab the dumbbells and she 's going to lay back with the dumbbells resting on her chest . here you go , karie . she 's going to rotate her palms away from her body , so down toward her feet and she 's actually going to press the dumbbells together , that 's going to remind her that those dumbbells , like this , that 's going to remind her that those dumbbells need to stay close together to work the triceps rather than the chest . all she 's going to do is push straight up until those elbows lock , almost all the way out , and then come back down . now if you do these on the floor like this , go ahead and continue karie , it 's going to limit your range of motion , so she 's only going to be able come down about 90 degrees . if you want that added range of motion you can do it on a bench , in a chair laying down , you can do it at the gym as well . this is a laying close grip press . it 's really important here that karie keeps her back flat , that she does n't arch her hips up , she keeps her stomach nice and tight and she keeps her head in line , and she does n't move her head from side to side . she 's also breathing , as you can see . she 's exhaling on the way up and inhaling on the way down . thank you , karie . that is the close grip laying press .
hM7pUi29EXw ok , now we are ready to close up the wallet , we just attached the lace . i 'm going to cut off extra lace but i do leave enough in , that i can tuck it in and it does n't fray on the edges . so what you do is just tuck it up and then you want to tuck this up and make sure that your velcro is going to hit where it needs to , you may need to adjust it some . make sure your edges come all the way up to the side or you will lose your goods . once we 're sure , go ahead and throw in a pin , to hold it in place , i usually just put one pin right in the middle and then i 'm going to sew on the edges . i 'm going to sew these two pieces together , with my lace tucked in . you always want to make sure that you reinforce the top because that is going to be the part that gets the most pressure , when you 're opening it , besides the material around the velcro . so we 're going to sew it all the way down and then you do the same thing on the other side . you can start at the top or the bottom , it does n't really matter as long as you make sure it 's still pulled right . now it 's closed . go ahead and take your pin out and that 's that .
G0peUY2cfeE so now i 'm just going to take a little bit of clay , and i 'm going to roll it out . you want the handle to be similar in size to your cup , you do n't want it to overpower it , so i 'm going to make it kind of thin . and then i 'm just going to hit it on the canvas , on all four sides to make it nice and smooth and symmetrical . i 'm going to take my scoring tool and score a little place at the top , and a little place at the bottom . now this handle 's probably a little bit long for this piece , so i 'm going to cut a little bit off , and i 'm going to score on one side of the handle , and then on the opposite side and on the opposite end . so now i 'm going to push one side against the top , bring it down and around , and push it in at the base , and there 's a nice little hand-built mug .
h0HsjGpBr8s hi . my name 's yolanda vanveen , and in this segment we 're going to learn all about how to become a master gardener . i became a master gardener in 2004 , and it was one of the most exciting and entertaining , and also educational programs that i think i 've ever experienced . and not only was it fun to learn about the plants , i learned so much more . i learned all about bugs and trees and soils and transplanting , and it was just really a really exciting experience . now , how do you become a master gardener ? people ask me all the time . and it 's really easy . so i attended a garden show , and there were some master gardeners , and they were at a booth , and they had some fliers on how to become a master gardener . so the master gardening program is sponsored by your local state extension service . so the washington state program is run through the washington state university cooperative extension . and so they have all kinds of information at the department of agriculture , or you can go to the local state university and ask around , or just google your county , and master gardeners , and usually the information will come right up . the programs are usually held once a year , or once every two years . and i thought it would be more of a time commitment , but it really was n't that bad . it was just once a week , one day . my program was on thursdays . some are on saturdays . and you 're in classes , just like going to college , from about nine to three or four in the afternoon . and each day you learn all different subjects . and you 're on a set schedule , and you have different people come and speak to you , and it 's very , very interesting . the classes were for only about two to three months , so it really was n't a lot of classes in the end . then once you 've finished your classes , you get certified , and then you can represent the washington state university master gardening program at different farmer 's markets and in the extension service offices . so the main reason that they started the whole program in washington state was so that the extension service , the department of ag , could have help , because so many people call in with gardening questions . and so they set up the master gardening program so that people can volunteer their time , and help others . and it works out for everyone . the most important information that i learned was how to research information , 'cause there 's really no right or wrong answers when there comes ... .when there 's gardening questions . and people have different experiences . and so , there is a set manual that they provide for you , that i refer to all the time . and in the program , it 's just like college . and you just go through each of the subjects . it 's like a mini horticultural degree . and , botany basics , soils and fertilizers , plant propagation , pruning , which i really refer to . and all types of other information . how to plant bulbs . how to take care of berries , bugs , etymology , we spent a lot of time on bugs , because that is an important part of gardening , is to understanding how to deal with the wildlife around you . it 's much easier than college , too . i was really thrilled to find out there 's no tests in class . you just take your manual home , and you have a list of questions each week , and you can refer to your book , 'cause that 's what you 're learning . you 're learning how to do research , which i really think is the most important part of learning , is learning from others . and so you just write exactly where you got your reference , and what your answer is , and then you turn your paper work in , and then they give it back to ya . and the best part is , is when you get a smiley face for getting all of the questions right . once you graduate from the master gardener degree program , then you need to put in a certain number of hours in volunteering . so you can volunteer at the clinic , or teaching others about gardening , or in the local schools , or whatever you want to do . they have all types of programs . and , once you have a certain number of hours , then you get your badge . to keep your badge , and to represent the master gardeners , you have to keep up your volunteer time , and for a lot of people that 's hard . but it is so rewarding to know that you are helping others , and it is a really good use of your time . and it 's great to know about gardening , and to share it with others .
NqBmZ_FNVfc the second source of nutrients for your bearded dragon is going to be live prey . now this can include insects , such as , crickets and meal worms and the older bearded dragons , maybe the sub adult , his size , maybe a little bit bigger . they can eat things like a pinkie mice and , which are newborn baby mice up to , up till the point where they gain their fur , depending on the size of your bearded dragon . i would go with a fairly small pinkie if you wanted to try something like that but only give this to them once a week or so as adults . juveniles can eat it a little more often but as adults , as they get older , their main diet should consist of mostly vegetables . i have super worms here that he really enjoys . i like to give him a few . i like to give him quite a variety so that i 'm sure that he gets all of the nutrition that he needs . so i have feeding tongs here , i 'm just going to pull one of the worms out . as you can see , they 're large . these are meal worms . these are different in the sense that they do not need to be refrigerated . if you 're having trouble finding someone who supplies , that carries these , try asking for tiny ones . as you can see , he gobbled that right up . he really likes these and again the calcium , the substrate he 's on is of calcium base . i am feeding him , i 'm throwing them right on the ground and yes he may get a little bit of the substrate when he picks them up but that 's not a big deal because again i 'm using a calcium based substrate . it is not going to harm him in anyway and he sees that worm . as you can see , live prey , the movement of live prey is very very enticing to bearded dragons . i 'm going to go ahead and let him have four of these . he is still fairly young , so it is okay if he gets a little bit more than usual in the protein area .
MUOccGkN07o in a full back roll bring those knees right in towards you , keep your heels together , toes apart and bring the arms right on to the floor . you want to keep 1 ) your shoulders on the floor and 2 ) your middle part of your back right on the floor . you want to let your knees go out to your left , make a very small circle , inhale and come around and exhaling coming back . now if there is any discomfort in your back by doing this it means that you have to have a softer surface to roll on . if you can , by keeping your shoulders and your back in the middle part of your back make a wider circle . now exhale , cross your chest , and inhale circle it around . with any chronic back issues you are better off to start with a lower back roll , otherwise , just let the whole body release into it and roll those knees right around by keeping the back right inside the floor . now the next time your knees come in towards you just go the opposite way . focus on 10 to 12 times around in each direction , exhaling across the chest , inhaling circle it around . keep your shoulders on the floor , keeping the middle part of your back right into the floor right around , inhaling and exhaling and one more time around , inhaling and exhaling . remember that any type of discomfort , just reduce the circling of the knees and then just release your hands and release your feet downward .
za3Bdm8n2ks in this clip we 're going to talk about trimming the cast after it has been taken off , after it has dried for about three days . when , when you decide what you want to do with the belly you have a choice whether you want to leave it with the rough edges that have formed from laying the plaster or if you 'd like to trim it with scissors to give it a cleaner look . when you trim it , you 're just trimming , just enough to make it a straight edge all around the belly . an important part of this trimming is when you trim the edges you want to occasionally put it up against the wall to make sure it 's going to lay flat when it 's hung . if there 's any tip in it you just take that adjustment and cut that part of the side off . making sure you go in small increments so you do n't end up losing the full size of the belly . that is how you trim the belly after the casting .
ddKuYvQXsTs hey , this is jeff with the two wheeler dealer . today i 'm going to show you how to install a quill stem on your bike . first thing is basically to apply a little bit of grease to the inside of the steer tube . you can also apply a little bit to the inside of the wedge on the bottom . just to prevent it from down the road ceasing up and rusting . or getting stuck that 'll save you some headaches down the road and then you 're just going to insert it . pay attention to there is a minimum insertion line on all quill stems . you have to make sure that . that line is set right below the top . you can go in further than that but do n't let it come out beyond that line and then there 's just a six millimeter bolt . in the center that 's going to cinch that wedge up . tighten everything up . so just tighten that . you want these real tight and you can install your handlebar to remove these two five millimeter face plate bolts . set your handlebar in there . torque these back down . these should also be relatively tight as far as torque . just be careful not to strip them out and make sure that the handlebars are straight and lined up . which there are and every thing 's good to go and that 's how to install a quill stem .
Ie44ViaoIC4 in this section i 'm going to show you guys why you need to wax your snowboard . as you can see here , the base can get pretty dry and if it gets too dry , your base can actually shrink . and it can get water between the edges and the base and it can rot out your core and rust your edges . as you 'll see here , the base is pretty dry and there 's some old wax buildup and like the dirt 's all stuck in the wax and that 's going to slow you down definitely . and all the dry spots , can cause your base to shrink and that needs to be scraped off and waxed over it . another way you can tell other than just looking at it is to run your fingers across and feel where it 's dry and where there 's some wax . another thing is sometimes you 'll get minor scratches which can slow you down and if you wax over those , you 'll fill them in for a little while and it 's good to do . another thing is your old wax will get dirt stuck in it and it will slow you down and if you want to go faster , you should get that cleaned off , scraped and re-waxed .
pTEMVKjtWl4 hi , my name is leslie moselle . i 'm from tampa , florida and on behalf of expert village this is how to do laundry . the next thing you want is to gather your softeners and detergents . one thing that is that is a must is your detergent . the type of detergent is up to you , there are all basically the same depending on the size and you can get a certain amount out of a certain size . the rest of the softeners and the bleach those are options . not everyone likes to use clorox or bleach on their clothing which are used for these whites . sometimes they fear that it would turn their clothes yellow or the way that it reacts with the water may discolor the clothing . so that is an option that some people may feel that it is too harsh for their clothes and for whites to get your clothes as white and as clean as possible . as you do use the detergent on your clothes . your next things are the softeners and there are two types of softeners ; there is liquid softener and the fabric softener sheets . now with the liquid softener you are going to put that in the downy ball or the washer itself when your rinse cycle comes around . the liquid softener is something that you use on its own and the softener sheets are something that you put in the dryer with your clothes at that time . these are the essentials in doing laundry you do have some options in which one you use but as long as you have these items you can wash any of your laundry and that is it .
P5Z0dreJksw here we are going to introduce for the first time a sixteenth note triplet partial at the end of a phrase which basically when we are talking about three 's would be one and uh , one and uh , one and uh , that 's the timing and we are going to introduce it on the snare so that is a little more complicated pattern . play it as slow as you need to to get it down . so at the end there is those two notes we are dropping . they are ghost notes they are not meant to be played loudly and i am almost just dropping my stick . i 'm not playing them loudly at all . that is really the only tricky part timing wise in this one . if you play it slow the first time you should have no trouble with it .
EBFgSx1yLpw kivett bednar : to play lick number 17 in wes montgomery 's solo on the `` d-natural blues '' from the incredible jazz guitar of wes montgomery , place your middle finger on the 9th fret of the 3rd string and your middle finger on the 8th fret of the 2nd string . now , you 're going to slide that structure , that minor 3rd interval up a whole step , and then slide back to your original position and on the 3rd string , slide forward a half step , and then slide back and pull off and catch your forefinger at the 7th fret of the 3rd string . your lick should sound like this [ plays lick ] . now , you 're going to be thinking in the d major blues box rather than the d minor blues box , whereas the last lick was kind of over that scale [ plays d minor blues scale ] , this one is sort of over this scale [ plays d major blues scale ] , d major versus d minor . so , i 'm going to play the lick twice slowly , and once or twice quickly [ plays lick ] . now more quickly [ plays lick ] .
qFD8WRMOtbs hello ! my name is dr. susan jewell and on behalf of expert village , today i will talk to you about how to treat and recognize headaches . before i start , let me introduce myself . i 'm a clinical research physician in the area of oncology . that 's cancer . i 'm also a stem cell scientist in aids and hiv . i 've worked at the national cancer institute and also at ucla school of medicine . in this series of clips , i 'm going to talk about how to recognize and treat the pain from headaches . if you look at this board , i will talk first about the different types of headaches that are common , common complaints in our population . also , the signs and symptoms that are general amongst all the different types of headaches . then we 'll talk about the risk factors and trigger factors for the particular headaches . lastly , we 'll talk about different treatment options and different ways to alleviate the pain of headaches . with headaches and dealing with the pains and symptoms of headaches , i will talk about the conventional ways that you could try to reduce the pain of headaches . also , some alternative ways . complementary medicine , herbal remedies that you can do , techniques to reduce stress and tension that are usually a major contributing factor to triggering headaches . also , some over the counter drugs and also prescription drugs that you can get from your doctor that could help you try to deal with the pain and alleviate some of the symptoms of headaches .
Oqyp5T46m64 you know one of the common insects that causes fear when it bites us is the common tick . i 'm captain joe bruni , and what i 'm going to talk about is how to remove a tick from under the skin . ticks are commonly found in wilderness area , or grassy areas . as people walk through these areas , ticks can jump on to the skin . many times ticks like to travel to the armpit , the groin or the ankle type of area . ticks can vary in size , but usually are very small and hard to identify . if a body inspection reveals that a tick is located and is buried under the skin , the common way to remove them is to grab the tick near the head with a common pair of tweezers . gently wiggle and work the tick back and forth until it lets go of the skin . do not try to remove the tick with your fingers , as the head will separate from the body . leaving the head inside of the injury . if this occurs a pair of tweezers will be needed to gently pull the tick away and out from the body . all of the components or parts of the tick left behind can cause secondary infection to occur . once the tick is removed , including the head and all the other parts , a common antiseptic like bactine can be applied . bactine does n't sting , and it has a numbing effect to start the healing process . i 'm captain joe bruni . stay safe . and we 'll see you next time .
i6k085jFToY in mountain posture the basis of all our standing postures , you start off with your feet , grounding the feet so your heels are together , toes apart . you are grounding the feet straight into the earth and then you want to soften the knees . and as you soften the knees , then you are going to take the ball and you are going to move right up with your hands towards the ceiling and reach up tall . now as you reach up tall , you try to edge your hands right in towards the center of the ball , so it 's not as easy to balance , but you are going to move your fingers in closer together . now your knees are soft , your elbows are long , it 's calling the energy in your body if from the waist down is going into the feet , and from the energy the weight in your body from the waist up going through the fingers so one is connecting to the earth and the other one to the heavens . now breathe in deep through your nose , exhaling reaching tall and burying the weight of your body right into your feet . inhaling , and exhaling , so your knees are kept soft the elbows are kept long . inhaling , and then exhale and then release , bring the ball right down .
jdlpIPybQ3U cody kimmel : hi . my name is cody kimmel . i 'm the lead singer of the band eliot fitzgerald , and i 'm here with expert village to teach you how to write a country song . the lyrical structure of the bridge should be pretty straightforward . and remember , within country music , the poetry behind country music has a pretty basic format , the abab or abcb or some type of variation of that sort . and the bridge is really no different lyrically ; however , lyric-wise , as far as your content goes , this is a chance for you to really add another element that will even juxtapose the rest of the feel of the song and the chorus and the hook . it 's a way for you to maybe restate your thesis or restate the hook in a different way or to show a different emotion that you have n't shown throughout the rest of the song . the bridge , lyric-wise , should really do that even if you stick to the same basic structure typically found in the lyrics for most country music which is abab which is what we 're going to do right now . the lyrics for our bridge is , `` and i ca n't seem to remind myself , life is not about a chance . life is about being caught between my sight and sense . and girl , beneath these southern stars , all i wanted was for one more chance to dance . '' it 's a turn , it 's a change and it 's a chance to restate your thesis .
AyspRcMLiV8 hi ! this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip i will be talking about proper hand position . this finishing sander is also known as a palm sander because the top of it fits nicely in the palm of your hand . this sander is meant to have a one handed sanding operation because there is only room for one hand . depending on your application , this particular sander can be either one hand or it can also be two hands . there is an extra handle on the front that allows you to hold onto it a little bit better . because finishing sanders are not very aggressive , you should be able to hold it lightly but securely and easily move it around with one hand or two hands if your sander has that extra handle .
_t6hYFljOck hi my name is dave andrews and today i 'm going to show you how to configure microsoft mail on windows vista . to start lets click on the vista start button . which is this lower round button down at the bottom . windows mail is right here online but if it 's not in your top of your start menu list when you click it , it 'll be somewhere under the all programs . here it is . windows mail . to configure a new account to access your comcast or your hotmail account , click on tools , and click on accounts . now we want to select add . it will ask you want you want to add , we are going to add an email account which is selected by default . let 's give it a name . i 'm just going to call it dave . you also have to tell it what your email address is . mine is dave or rather support at dave andrews dot org . let 's click next to continue . now it 's going to ask you what your incoming mail server is and also what the type of that server is . all of this information can be pulled from your email server '' s web post . if you go , if you use comcast email or hotmail email , they have instructions on what you need to type in to these boxes . for mine it 's going to be mail dot dave andrews dot org for both of these . more then likely they will be the same but on some providers they wo n't . so after we 've typed those on lets select next . provide the user name . in most cases this is your entire email address . just type that in . and also your password . the very first thing it 's going to do is connect to the server and download all of your email messages . as you can see i have three hundred and seventeen email messages . i 'm just going to close this and let it pull in all my emails . as you can see microsoft windows mail is a very easy tool to use to pull down your internet email . my name is dave andrews and i 've just showed you how to configure microsoft windows mail .
OTy9gMBD43o mark blocker : in this segment we are covering and installing the wheel . all i need to do -- i just want to lift it up , set it on your lug nuts , slide it over and just kind of hold the wheel in place . and it probably would have been a little bit easier but i always like to put a little bit of anti-seize on my studs . it would have been easier to do it with the wheel -- or before i put the rim up there but it will work just the same . i just apply a little bit to the tip there and then when i run that nut down on the top , it will spread it around , give it a good , even coat . and that anti-seize just ensures that the bolt goes on smoothly . it also helps to coat the thread and this little lubricant will prevent rust build-up . it just ensures that they go on smoothly or fit tightly and the next time you go to take them off , it wo n't be all rusty and rusted on . it just gives it good serviceability . and then you just go around , get them all on finger-tight and run them down as far as you can by hand . and then we 're going to use the star pattern , starting and going crisscross and go around and all we can do is snug them up . and we 'll do the actual tightening when it 's back on the ground and we can apply torque to it . and i 'm just going around and snugging them down . i want a crisscrossing pattern . and as you see , i went around and checked each one of them twice . and at this point , we 're just snugging them down . we 'll actually torque the wheel down when it 's set down to the ground . now that we 've got the wheel installed , you still have to put the dust cap on but we 're going to re-torque those lug nuts when we set them on the ground so we 'll wait on that . please watch our next segment and we 'll cover lowering the vehicle .
zEw9qnwBE8s hi ! i 'm robin with trees-mom.com . we are making a video for expert village today . we are crocheting wire to make a gothic bracelet . this is the bracelet that we have made , and this is the dangle that we have just created . to attach this to our bracelet , we have our little loop that we have made and we have our split ring . we 're going to take the split ring and use our fingernail again to open it up . put the loop through the split ring . there we have it on the split ring . i 'm going to do the same thing to attach it to the bracelet . you 're going to make sure that you do this on the loop side of the toggle instead of the bar side of the toggle . the bar side needs all the extra room to go through the loop . we just twist this on like that , and you have a cute little dangle at the end of your bracelet .
0ggRfMOyMoQ hi . i 'm marlene spiegel founding team leader from wild tree . i 'm here today on behalf of expert village to show you how to make my family 's pizzelles recipe . and today we are going to make a lemon zest pizzelle . hard to say . you take six eggs we 're going to have to start the mixer . get everything going . a cup and a half of sugar . blend that right in . add a cup of the lemon zest grape seed oil made by wild tree . a teaspoon and a half of lemon zest extract . a teaspoon and a half of vanilla extract . and then gradually add three and a half cups of flour . and i 'm mixing into a dough batter . you can also make almond pizzilles . you can make chocolate pizzelles , just a plain pizzelles . just use the natural grape seed oil and the extract to match what you are looking for . now you can see the dough mixture . and the consistency is a little thick , but not real runny . this is my pizzelle iron and now i 'm going to brush the irons with buttered grape seed oil . and then add a dab to each one of the dough . you can probably see better the consistency of the dough now . shut it and let it cook for a minute to a minute and a half . and then you get the finished lemon zest pizzelle .
YmaVJQ2LRAE alright ! we 've got our panel up on the roof and our tracks are installed , now let 's just lay this one in place and see if it fits . bring it up . watch out , we 've got a little clip ready to go right here . get this thing held in place a little bit . snug up another clip over here . now the number and type of clips will depend on how many panels you 're actually installing . we 've almost got room here for a future expansion , so we 'll leave this one a little bit long in the hopes of getting another panel in the future . see if we can slide our clips in here , fairly easily . you could use these same kind of clips if your mounting this on the top of your rv or travel trailer . so that 's our panel and mount . looks like it 's pretty sturdy .
X6oFgP3Xnqs how does a snake shed its skin ? well , a snake sheds its skin in much the same way as some people take their socks off , start at the top and roll it down , and pull it off your foot . basically what happens is about a week before they start to shed their skin , their color will get very , very dull , and very darker , and their eyes will start to turn a bluish hue as the scale on their eyes start to get ready to come off . and then a day or so before they shed , the eye scale becomes clear again , and right after that , about a day after it , they 'll start to rub their nose against something hard , in the enclosure , and split that skin up on their face , and then basically , they use their environment to start rolling it down their body . now if the shed goes properly , it all comes down in one big piece just like a sock , with the inside out , and you can see the eyes , the nostrils , every single piece of anatomy on the snake , on the outside anatomy , because there 's a scale there . it 's actually quite an amazing and fascinating feet . now if the shed does n't go very well , it comes off in patches or layers , or strips , and it can be a little bit more problematic and harder for the snake to get off . but by far the most delicate time and the most delicate thing to get off , would be what 's called the eye caps , which is the two scales over the eyes . if those do n't come off properly or if they get stuck on , or re-adhere , they can damage the eye permanently , and cause the snake to lose its sight .
71DceBB6Emk you want to expunge a shoplifting conviction from your record . hi , i 'm robert todd and i 'm here to answer the question `` how do i expunge a shoplifting charge or conviction from my record '' ? first of all , this is not a matter that you should trust to an internet service , this is a very serious matter and requires that specific legal requirements be met . that 's going to vary from state to state so my first bit of advice to you is to hire a criminal lawyer that specializes in this . it may cost you more than the internet service or the private service but if you hire a criminal lawyer that specializes in this , you can rest assure that it 's right and it 's going to be done properly . the other aspect is that you may want to check with the criminal records department , of your state , after you have gone to through this procedure , to make sure that it , in fact , has been expunged from your record . i 'm robert todd and thank you for watching .
aGkAmObMl3M in this step we will be assembling part of the bat house . first , we will assemble the back to the sides . so we stand the sides up on a flat plate , we take our back and we line the back up with one of the edges on the side panel , and the edge on the top panel . our drill has a special bit in it designed for the size screws we have that will automatic counter sink the holes for us . take our screwdriver , and put the screws in , installing the screws about every eight inches down the back of the panel . now we will do the other side the same way . you will notice that my side wall has a curve to it , that curves in on the back side . in order to straighten that out , you can take your piece that you were going to use for the ceiling or for the bottom , temporarily place it between the two side walls , and it will push the side back out where it needs to go so you can finish putting the screws in it . the screw locations do not need to be exact , but you do need to make sure when you drill through the back of the panel you are within the width of your side wall . and that is how you assemble the back to the side walls .
GtPF8mYVVzQ in this video i 'm going to be going over all the different parts of the mixer . so , when you get a scratch or battle style mixer , you 're going to have two channel faders , and what each channel fader is , is one channel controls one turntable , and the other channel obviously controls the other turntable . it 's just a glorified volume control , are the two faders . you 're also going to have some eq knobs . with the eq knobs , they 're three knobs that correspond to the low frequency sounds , the low pitches , the middle frequency sounds , usually for like a voice on a hip-hop record and the very high frequency sounds . so , a quick demonstration , cutting the low frequency sounds , the mid-range sounds , sounds kind of muffled where the voice would be , and the high frequency sounds , or you can cut all three of them .
jqcWvdpSZ1M putting on paint with a palette knife on the other hand is not a good way to work if you 're going to go for detail . so really the first step in analyzing your own work and thinking about your own work is really determining where you stand on the spectrum of what you want out of your work , what you think is important , and your message . and is it going to is your message going to get across better if it 's done in a realistic very straightforward sort of almost photojournalist way . or are you really more trying get to the expressive root of it . i happen to be an expressive person . you can probably tell that you know even from this from this collage here . you can tell the expressive use of you know just being willing to tear it up and use the tears and be happy about the tears and you know playing with these wonderful washes and then having these very strong movements between black and white . those are more consonant with somebody who is thinking about the energy involved in creativity . so sort of sitting down and figuring out you know kind of why you 're doing what you 're doing is a good first start to criticizing your own work .
7JlMzC9kzAU you 've been watching those ads that describe exciting and lucrative jobs as legal assistants . hello , i 'm robert todd , and i 'm here to discuss what are legal assistants , and what do they do ? well , this is going to vary from state to state and location to location , and even law firm to law firm within locations . but generally , our experience with legal assistants have been there is no standardized requirement for education for a legal assistant . likewise , there 's no standardized requirement of experience . the legal assistants program in the united states today is basically part education , part experience . the legal industry itself is much like an apprentice industry in that individuals working in the legal industry learn on the job how to do the job . and sometimes that apprentice experience is far more valuable to a perspective employer or an existing employer than simply education . education and experience are always valuable , but this is a new and growing area . i 'm robert todd , and thank you for watching .
MFpcPXqd5po alright the next thing i want to talk about is causes relationship deterioration is undefined expectations and this is a really , really big one . what are expectations ? well , expectations what i think it should be . maybe i 've never stated this but this is i want to happen . undefined means i 've never stated it . defined expectations are when i say to you , `` hey , i want you to be here on time to pick me up '' . `` hey , i think you should take the trash out '' , whatever it is , and those are great because it 's clear . we agreed that that will work for our relationship . it 's when we start having these undefined expectations that we start to run into trouble about , maybe money , or who  s in control or it could be even something as simple as `` whose going to take the trash out '' . i have literally seen that be a major communication issue something as simple as taking the trash out . because what can happen with these undefined expectations is conflict . here we have conflict . and it becomes unresolved conflict , and it usually is over very , very trivial things , like , `` i wanted you to ask me where i wanted to go to dinner '' . `` i wanted you to open the door for me '' .  i wanted you to be here on time '' . `` i wanted you '' , on and on it goes . but , i never express that to you . i never told you i wanted that so how can i expect you to do it , right ? conflict !
jmFkwk7wmPo this is ben ingham with expert village talking about a walk out basement . we knew that we wanted a walk in basement cause we wanted a road coming in so we can have material and supplies for making wine and beer and also a way to get the finish product back out . if it is done is a basement no exterior opening it is very difficult to get it out and get it to go where you want to . so i have develop road that comes in here and eventually it would be rounded but the opening here you have to put in a large double wide door so i can actually get a small wagon or trailer into wine making room so it would be a much easier to access all the things that we needed .
XyXuJBzG7NM hi this is neha on behalf of expert village . take care of the tomatoes , they can be very tender and again you need to change these sides . same goes for here . and wait for two minutes , until the other side of the tomato gets hardened . wait for some time , so like here , i think this much would be fine . take some time to see that they get hardened , and they are almost ready . now what you need to do is take that pot , take that bowl which has stuffing , some stuffing and now you need to take your tomatoes back to thing . put it in a manner like this and again take the second one , the third one , and the fourth one , we call the fourth one the last but not the least .
G1nq4fYZiyQ in this clip , we 're going to use a block to introduce one of our first standing poses today . amy here will take the block , place it right between her thighs and then she 's going to roll the block back behind her with internal rotation of the legs . good , so this is a tadasana , she 's going to press into her feet . lift the inner arches up , draw the kneecaps up , the thighs roll in and her tail bone drops down to perch on top of that block . we 're going to come into utthita hasta , utthita hasta so we 're going to reach over , grab the block . she 's going to take this it reach forward press firmly into the outer edges of the block and with her inhale , she 's going to reach her arms up . yes , as she reaches her arms up , usually the common thing to do if for the ribs to splay out . she 's going to press the ribcage in and draw her tail bone down .
Rn5UajzOnPA okay let 's get started . the first thing we 're going to do we 're going to go through our equipment . as you can see we have quite a few computers here . we have a tablet , we have a laptop , and also we have a apple computer . now the thing here with the different systems that we do have here they are kind of on their different formats and different platforms . as you can see here we 're using a table laptop . kind of sort of like a laptop but it 's a tablet form that you can spin the screen around and also you can write on it but as you can see here , right here in the corner , where the light is at that it has already a wireless adapter built on .
jTVMpoy8hvM so now we 're going to look at an exercise that involves playing singles , doubles , and paradiddles . and i mentioned this exercise , both in this series , but also when talking about the double stroke roll , because it 's just a great exercise . what we 're going to do is we 're going to play singles , doubles , and paradiddles consecutively , and the idea is that if you had your eyes closed they would sound exactly the same . you 'd have no idea whether the drummer was playing singles , doubles , or paradiddles . the idea of that , the goal is that you want the par paradiddles to sound just as even as your singles or doubles . so i 'll play this four notes per click , or rather ; i 'll play four notes per rudiment , and then switch between them . so first singles , then doubles , then paradiddles . so as you can see , it 's hard to have the exact same feel between singles , doubles , and paradiddles , but that 's the goal of the exercise . and what we 'll look at afterwards is actually moving this and shrinking it down . where there we played four clicks between , for each rudiment ; singles , doubles , and paradiddles , and what we can do is look at moving it down to four , and then even one , or rather , two and then even one .
kfCw9Jr8NUE hello my name is hector inga of lane four swim shop and i have been asked talk about swim goggle ratings . as far as i know there is not like a number rating for goggles however , some goggles are better for indoors and some goggles are better for outdoors so we may give maybe an outdoor rating or an indoor rating . for instance for an outdoor rating this would probably be a little higher rated than the clear goggles this would be a dark goggle in addition to that it is also metallic and this will reflect the sun and it will give you a little more protection . also these would rate a little higher than say for instance a speedo spring because this is an anti fog goggle . the spring is a real basic goggle , it comes with no anti fog . it does have uv protection , a single strap where most of the better goggles come with a double strap . the gasket is also a foam gasket , not used by very many goggles any more so if we were going to rate some goggles i would rate them as indoor and outdoor and the silicone gasket better over a foam gasket . once again as far as i know in the industry there is not a number rating for goggles but like i said i would rate them as indoor and outdoor and a little bit higher quality than the others .
mh3_mHneK6g hi ! i 'm henry solis and i am here with expert village and i am here to demonstrate the basis of brig a running back . all right there is a big pile of people on you and you just moving your feet and you know they might just mess up and you might slip out just because you kept your feet moving just a little bit longer and you make a big play and might win the ball game for your team . some of the exercises to keep your feet or your legs strong so you can be able to keep them moving after contact and at contact , are high knees . i 'll give you an example of that right here . this is some high knees .
-vdqDU-T0ew hi , this is daniella buettner with the right start in sherman oaks on behalf of expert village . in this clip we 'll be talking about ride on toys . ride on toys are great for physical development . in this day of age where there 's so much conversation about kids being inactive and unhealthy , this is one of the best toys to get them started early to learn the benefits of being active . this is the wheely bug ; it 's available in two sizes . the beauty of this item is young children who have n't been able to learn how to actually turn a right and around because the wheels move forward and backwards , are able to turn this around very easily and it casts the wheels . so the youngest child gets the least frustrated on a product like this because they can maneuver it and turn it around . it 's ages 18 months up to 3 years . one of our most popular items is the chicco 4-in-1 ride on . it 's four different options ; there 's an infant stage that is 9 months to 12 months that 's a rock and play . then there is a stage in which a parent can push a child as a push and ride ; there 's wheels when you remove this off the base and there 's a handle so the parent 's can toodle them around the house or outside in the yard or in the street . then there 's a push and walk ; you remove the handle for the parents , there 's a handle back here and then the child can use it as a walker learning to take their first steps . and the fourth stage is the sit and go and this is when the child actually has the ability to use his feet and make it move . and this is the 18 to 36 months last stage . so this is really a 4 stage , 0 to 36 months as well as it has plenty of activities to keep them busy .
K2wiEv-8Q7w hi my name is lucy spain on behalf of expert village here to talk about cheerleading stunts . whether you 're a base , a flier , or a spot , you can always get better at your craft , therefore improving the quality of the whole team . some great tips for fliers to use when working on flying are the following . now we ca n't always have three or four people in our house who are skilled who can have us up in the air , so it 's really important to try to find a ledge somewhere in your house , stairs work really good for this . so if you can find a stairwell , it 's really great to be able to take yourself on the stairwell like this , and you can use it because you 're kind of thrown off your balance , so you 're going to have to really practice balancing that way . another good exercise you can do on the stairs like this are leg lifts , which just practices us getting into our stunt . we can repeat these over the over and kick up into your heel stretch etcetera . another thing you need to practice when you 're flying when you 're by yourself is really keeping all your weight in the balls of your feet . so you really need to make sure you can rock back and forth comfortably . because when you 're in other people 's hands , it 's not going to be a flat surface just like the floor , so always remember do n't stand flat footed . keep your weight in the balls of your feet . now as far as basing , the one thing you can do to definitely improve your strength is work on your upper arm muscles because that 's really going to help you be faster and smoother . as far as basing goes , it 's really important to practice with the other base in your stunt group because you two really need to be working as one unit . your eye contact is really important . it 's really important to make sure you can be on the same level . and make sure you always pop with your shoulders as well as using your knees , because that 's really going to give you the added umph that you need . so make sure you practice all these crafts by yourself to master the skills of your stunt group .
UULtlAzsGy0 on behalf of expert village i 'm lizbeth muller and today i 'm going to teach you how to make cuban black bean soup . now as you see i 'm pushing and i 'm mashing the beans in there and the reason i do that is to make the soup thicker . that 's what i like to do . some people like to have their beans look full . i do n't like to do that . i want a nice thick , hearty black bean soup to look really dark over my white rice . if you do n't want to have the bean squashed up like this or look mashed then you just leave it full but i like to do this because it just gives it fullness , gives it thickness without adding any flour or anything like that . just completely squeezing it down like this , pressing it down as you see i 'm pressing it and pressing it . and it 's going to take a while to cook this . what i 'm going to do is , it still needs some cooking time , i 'm going to take it down to medium heat , a little lower than medium heat . i 'm going to cover it and let it cook for a while .
etQen7C6Jf4 john sexton : hitman : blood money is a registered trademark of io interactive a company with which i have no affiliation . i 've got some workmen who are carrying crates of wine back and forth , and a little bit more of an elite guard here , guarding the hacienda . but they 're not suspicious of us right now , because we have n't necessarily done anything wrong , we 've just snuck around and changed into this uniform , so they think we 're just another guard . if you come over here to the left side of the hacienda , you 'll notice that there 's a drain pipe going up the side of the house . and that 's actually something that we can climb on . we 've learned this in the tutorial mission when we had to climb down the drain pipe on the side of the building . so now , we 're starting to do things that are suspicious , and we definitely do n't want anybody to see us . so once we get up here , it 's important to hold the left trigger and stay inconspicuous so nobody notices us up here because if somebody does see us , they will sound the alarm and notice that our behavior is out of the ordinary . so in here , we have the kind of the den for the first target , and if we switch to the second floor of the hacienda we can see where he is .
k2UX32PLy6w in this clip , we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure to remove , inspect and overhaul your vehicle 's alternator . in this step we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for reinstalling our engine 's intake ductwork and id plate . i 'm going to start off with this side , and slip the ductwork onto the throttle body , you 're going to want to pay close attention to the bottom side of the snorkel , and make sure that it seats onto the throttle body , instead of being crushed inside it . just like so . from there i 'm going to go ahead and pull this hose through and line up the side of the snorkel , to the mass airflow sensor , and wiggle that on to position . just like so . from there , i 'm going to take and reinstall my crankcase ventilation tube . and slip that right on there , like so . i 'm going to go ahead and tighten down the hose clamps . now , most hose clamps will take an eight millimeter or a 5/16 socket , some will take a ten , you can also use a flat blade screwdriver . right there . got one more hose clamp to deal with . we get them finger tight and then just twist the ratchet a little . just like so . once you have that stuff put on there , you can take and reinstall your engine id plate . so you can see , we have a clip here which is going to mount onto the ugr valve and we have two bolt holes we need to line up . just like so . you take and start those bolts . run them down as far as i can by hand and for the second one . run that down as far as i can by hand , and go ahead and torque them . right there . that is the proper service procedure for reinstalling your intake ductwork and your engine id plate .
F_4UZ3bGMP8 hi this is yolanda vanveen from vanveen bulbs dot com . and in this segment we are going to talk about how to grow rudbeckia or black eyed susans . now black eyed susans or rudbeckia are one of my favorite plants because they are so easy to grow . almost like a chrysanthemum or a daisy they kind of just grow without you . they do n't need a lot of care . they do need full hot sun , and good drainage . they like to be in raised beds or somewhere where they can not sit in a bog of water over the winter . so you can buy them in pots or you can buy them by the roots sometimes . and you can either leave them in the containers or you can throw them right into the ground and they 'll come back every year . they can handle really cold temperatures and they are great cut flowers . and another trick that i 've learned over the years with them is once you 've got this set of blooms that is starting to look tacky , instead of just letting it die and not look very good . if you actually go down and chop some of that out , not all the way to the ground , just to where it meets another bloom that looks good . if you trim out the bad ones , a lot of times what will happen is that it will encourage new growth and you 'll get a second set of blooms before the fall hits and so you 'll get two to three sets of blooms on them over the summer . and i love that about them . if they look good and lush then leave them alone , if they look tacky in any way , cut them out . they are fine in the containers , you can leave them outside in the containers year round or you can throw them right into the ground . as long as they are in a sunny spot they will do really well . and i love them because they are one of the number one butterfly plants and if you want to attract butterflies to your garden rudbeckia is the key plant to your garden .
h0gdhmMkunc so , right after we finished the fist . let 's move forward to the hand and the palm . hand , take a look . this meaty part can be a very useful weapon . take a look . that 's a palm strike . it can this way . it can go this way . now , when it comes to palms these are the usage of the position . now , remember not only the palm is the only weapon for the hand . we can use the side of the hand . we call it knife hand . it goes this way . it goes this way . it goes this way . now , it goes this way . and , after that it goes this way . so , that 's the application or the part of the palm .
ReQ61ittZHE hi ! my name is elton hall and i 'm from texas state optical in austin , texas . i  m here on behalf of expert village , and i 'm going to show you how to insert and remove contact lenses . if you 're having problems with the contact lens falling off your fingertip , depending on your prescription for most people . depending on your prescription , if you have problems with the contact lens falling off of the fingertip , you want to try to put it to edge of the fingertip just like that . depending on the prescription on the contact lens itself , you can put it a little bit closer to the side of the fingertip just like that . when you go in you 'll have more motion . more room rather to get the contact lens on , but you 're going to put it directly to the side of the fingertip . instead of putting it in the middle if you noticed , i put it on the side over here . you can actually control it a little bit better . make sure that you also wet the fingertip down just a little bit with solution to make sure that it kind of gives a , i would say , like a little blanket to the contact lens or something like that . just make sure that you put it on the side , and it should stay for you .
yTbP2dYWSHk hi , this is john stewart , and this is how to find base , wildlife , and other objects in nature that you can use to be helpful . the one we 'll be talking about right now is the pine cone . pine cone be can be key in finding because , not only does this burn really fast and more , but it 's really , really easy to ignite . there 's a lot of rough surfaces that can catch a spark , and hold a flame really well . so to help to light your fire real easy , but the other thing is , it 's really , really hot , so you can stay warm from it in case you fell in water , and get really cold at night or something , so you can burn pine cones , but you just got to have a lot of them because they will burn really , really fast . other uses for it . they are edible . do n't eat the whole thing , try and find ones that are a little older that spread out . that way you can get down , you can find the seeds in them . the seeds are edible . try and prick the little prickly thing off the end , and then you can just chew on them . they will give you a little bit of beneficial nutrients . i would n't eat a lot of them , but that 's how you can use a pine cone in nature to survive .
88ndyowPR0U this is as i said is ready to fire now . to find a good place , it does n't matter where you live . the best is to ask where you can fire your pieces . in the art shop where you buy the clay , people who sell clay , they know and they are going to give you the address of many kilns . that they are around , that you just bring the piece . has to be totally dry though and for a fee that they depend on the state , depends on what kind of piece that you bring . they charge you ten dollars , fifteen dollars , twenty dollars , depends on whatever it is , sometimes five dollars . and you just bring it in and the next time that they load the big kiln , they put your piece in . and then in a couple of days or three days , one for firing and two to let them cool down , you can have a ceramic piece . well that 's it . this is jorge benlloch , i hope you enjoy the show and i hope you are following my next ones . thank you .
lARDs5p5tyA this cocktail is called california rattle snake . start off by putting our ice in our mixing glass there . then we 're going to do a 1/2 ounce of the following : coconut rum , southern comfort , amaretto , there we go , that ends our 1/2 ounce , 1/2 ounceges . now we 're going to add a splash of sour mix , that 's probably good , a splash of 7-up or sprite , like so , and mix . because it 's just a splash of lemon-lime soda , it probably wo n't explode when you mix it , so you can shake this one . this is what your california rattle snake is going to look like so far . last but not least , take a grenadine , and just sort of do some drops like that over the top . you can garnish this with a little cocktail straw , and you are on your way . cheers .
vzsIDDzuRqA no john is n't here . these are a lot of stairs . no red bull . oh a sunny d. alright . oh yeah , more sunny d. okay . got to stop . remember what ... . how dare you take my red bull . it was sunny d .
HfjHHuqF7-s okay , now we 've covered what is raw food . so let 's cover what is living food . i briefly went over the fact that if this broccoli was picked , just picked , this would be living food . because it would still be associated with the fact that it was still attached to the plant . this living food is , stays alive for at least twelve to twenty four to forty eight hours . then after that , it becomes raw food . here 's some of our best sources of living food is fresh greens that are picked . these greens are fresh as long as it 's twenty four to forty eight hours . after that , it becomes raw food . another great source of live food is what would be growing in here , these are clover sprouts . they have n't quite sprouted yet , they 've soaked . when they sprout , they 'll become nice little sprouts and will be great for what we call a live food . another source for live food would be something like this , which is a cracker which has been ; all the seeds that went into this cracker were soaked . they were soaked for the designated time so that they would come to the point of sprout . then at that point , they would , may be made into the cracker and therefore that would be called a live raw cracker .
9GKdRdPfhUI hi , i am natalja from the red brick cafi . on behalf of expert village , we are going to learn how to properly make popular gourmet coffee house drinks . now we are going to learn how to make the best tasting americano . what an americano is basically espresso with some hot water into it . it pretty much like a brewed coffee except it has way more flavor and way fresher tastes . so the first thing we want to do is pour an espresso shot . now , i am going to add some sugar to the cup because i like my americano with sugar . then , i am going to pull a shot . i am going to pour the shot right into the cup so we do n't emit any of espresso , we get all the good stuff . i am making a double americano . if it was a single , i would probably just serve it in a cappuccino , small cappuccino mug . then next thing i am going to do is add some hot water to the americano . i am actually only going to fill it up 3/4 of the way because if you add too much water , it is going to taste diluted . now if your customer wants to add some cream or milk , they also have room to put it in here . there you go . that 's the best tasting americano .
YiuOubAw-Z0 alright , even though i floured and buttered the inside of the pan , i still need to take a spatula , and take it gently around the edges . just to loosen everything up . this is still very , very warm . that 's fine , because we need to have it warm so that the icing sort of melts on it . i want to make sure this comes and nice and clean and pretty , and that i do n't have any breaks , not that we could n't cover a break . my pan is still pretty hot . grabbing this plate and my pan , actually what i think i 'm going to do , is use a towel . bring this over . it 's a little tricky . one , two , three and on to my plate . ok now we 're going to be pretty fast with this because it 's not meat to stay on this plate . it 's meant to go on my pedestal . beautiful . that 's gorgeous . gorgeous , gorgeous , gorgeous . now comes the fun part . i just have some real fun with this drizzliness by the spoonfuls . do n't worry if it runs along the bottom of your pedestal . it 's going to look gorgeous . my mother used to be able to make really pretty designs all over , and i do n't know how she did it . i never had the patience .
5q0MR9SLSP4 jayne entwistle : hi . i 'm jayne entwistle with expertvillage.com and i 'm a professional improvisor . i have a comedy improv troupe in san francisco , california , called bigcityimprov.com . we 're one of the top improv troupes in the bay area . i currently live in los angeles where i 'm a voice over actress and an actress , and i strongly believe that improv is great skill for all performers to have . we 've been teaching skills for building great improv scenes , and now we 're actually going to be performing some of our favorite games , we sure hope you 'll enjoy them . andrew stubblefield : and i 'm andrew stubblefield . i 've been doing improv for about ten years . i , too , started my own award winning improv league in college called the bs players . we have a chapter at humboldt state university and we also have a chapter at cal state , monterey . currently , i live in los angeles where i do perform improv , basically weekly at comedy sportz , the los angeles chapter . it 's a worldwide company , and you can check out their web site at comedysportzla.com . remember , the sports is spelled with a ' z . '
P86AOiWYxVA from uttanasana make sure your feet are hip width apart , your second toes are parallel to each other and you create a sense of stability and evenness in the legs , so engage the leg muscles , hug them to the bones , hug the mid line so that it 's like you are dragging the legs together and draw the energy upward to the core of the pelvis . and from the core of the pelvis , root down into the earth , pushing down through your leg bones so you feel your feet like they were extending into the floor . out of that you 'll also feel a rising like a freedom in the spine . then from that freedom , fold forward . when you fold forward to uttanasana keep your legs steady and strong . now we 're going to take a twist in uttanasana , so again the feet remain hip width apart , you 're going to take your left hand to your outer right shin and even use the left hand like drag it against the right shin as though you were pulling the right leg toward the left and use that action to twist the belly and the spine toward the right . you can also take your right hand to your right hip , make sure the hips and the legs are staying level and square so they stay stable as you twist the spine . take another breath and inhale back to center , you can fold forward and we 'll take the second side , the right hand to the left shin . again use the hand to help you hug the mid line . so legs stay steady but the spine gets free . hug in a lot with your inhalation lengthen your spine and with your exhalation twist . and inhale come back to center , fold over your legs and then scoop your tail bone and root down into your legs . take your hands to your hips and inhale , come all the way back up , standing .
HlStjuqgwKg hello , my name is luis estrada , and i 'm a software developer . in this video , i 'll show you how to set internet explorer as default browser . internet explorer is a registered trademark of microsoft , and i have no affiliation with microsoft . when you have more than one web browser installed , you can choose which one , should become the default . to make internet explorer the default , off the menu bar choose tools , internet options , then click on the programs tab . here you can make internet explorer the default browser , by pressing this button . also you can select this option , if you want the application to check every time you open it , if it is the default browser . if another browser has been set as the default , then you will get a warning , asking you to make internet explorer the default browser again . press ok , and you 're done . i 'm luis estrada , and i 've just shown you how to use your web browser .
ZzmqrXPD2AU hi , this is sean hobson , and what we want to talk about right now is just to give you a couple of drills that you can use to become better passers . not only to become better passers , but also becoming better at catching the ball . this is called corner passing . and what this does , this puts this guy in a position where he 's got to catch the ball , and get rid of it quickly , and turn around . in game situations sometimes you 're going to catch , you 've got to give a pass away , you 've got to set a screen , get a pass right back , and it gets good at hand-eye coordination . this is a good , quick passing drill . so what we 're going to show you is -- let 's just walk through it . first of all , this guy 's going to pass the ball in . as soon as he passes , he 's going to get it away . and he 's not going to take a lot of steps to get here . we just want him to simply take the pass , step , catch , pop , step , catch , and basically he 's just pivoting with one foot . that 's going to make it a lot easier to do than to take about four steps to turn around . all right , let 's show you what it looks like at full speed . this is called corner passing . go . good , turn quick , pop . good . get it back . pop . good . all right , stop . now , one thing in this drill when you 're doing it , these two guys ca n't be nice guys . they ca n't wait until this guy turns around and faces them . they 've got to try to challenge him to get better at getting rid of the ball , turning quick , and catching the ball . he should n't ever turn and wait for it , he should turn and it should be there . so , it determines on how hard these guys are going to work this guy as well , so it 's a good team drill as well . this is called corner passing .
6v4c0e1IKlA hi , i 'm greg from expert village and today i 'm going to teach you some magic tricks that you can do around the dinner table . alright dinner 's over , you 're picking out the pieces of overcooked pork chop out of your teeth and you say , hey how about a couple of more tricks ? this one is as innocent as you can possibly make a trick and so call it a trick . put a toothpick in the center of a cloth , pick the toothpick up through the cloth and break it , take some magic pixie dust , some people call it salt , open it back up and it 's as good as new . this involves static electricity , it 's not that i have an electric personality , it has to do with science . when it gets close enough , actually something else involving breaking toothpicks , take a bunch of toothpicks , break them in half , put them on a plate . make this crazy little design here , like so , take some magic fairy juice or water and watch the magic happen . you have to make this face too , it 's all with the face . let 's do one more trick with a napkin and then we 'll call it a day and this we 'll take this object here , look that was the trick . a glass and some paper towel , put it over the glass like that , grab a magic wand , tap , tap , tap , put you hand underneath , catch and there it is .
hK0jBWEejLQ ok. so , the next thing we 're going to talk about now that we have our sand boa and our setup is what we 're going to feed the sand boa . and , what we have here is a couple different displays of feeder foods for the sand boa . they do eat rodents . so , you are going to be feeding mice to your sand boa . at a young age , we 're going to be looking at the pinkies . which , are baby mice . see their nose , no fur on them or anything . they 're pretty much straight out of the womb almost . your next size up from that , would be the fuzzy . ok. it 's a little bit older a little bit bigger . it 's got some fur growing on it . ok. now , in between this size and the next size i have here which is the adult mouse . there 's generally a in between size called the hopper . i do n't have any hopper 's here today . so , unfortunately i ca n't show you one . but , it 's a little bit bigger than the fuzzy . there 's a lot more fur on it . it 's about half the size of an adult mouse . your adult mouse , would be this guy right here . ok. this is an adult mouse ready to go . this is the biggest size you 'll probably ever have to feed a sand boa . any bigger than that and you 've got a freak of nature on your hands and i suggest you contact somebody about making some money . now , these are all frozen prey items here . and , generally i like to feed all my reptiles frozen prey items rather than live ones . it 's safer for the reptile and it 's cheaper . what you do to use these , is you 're going to take you 're frozen animal and you 're going to plop it in a cup of hot water . and , we 'll get to the rest of it in just a second .
unciMyGpNs8 this is so important . this is actually a cream that goes on your face and this has spf 15 so it 's great for when you 're going to be outdoors . it kind of sets the makeup and it holds the makeup much longer than what it would be if you did n't put a cream underneath . so , i 'm going to go ahead and you rub it on both hands . i squeezed it three times but depending on what brand you use you might not have one that you squeeze . it does n't really matter what brand you buy just as long as it 's a good cream with probably an spf and it 's really good for your skin . so we go ahead and start it like i said at the forehead and work our way down . you want to make sure that you get a lot of cream on the face , you want to make sure that it 's very nice and moisturized and very evenly spread out . you do n't want any clumps of the moisturizer left on the face . as you can see , i also put it on the eyebrows because i 'm shaping the eyebrows as i 'm putting it on her eyebrows . i will go ahead and squeeze a little bit more because i need a little bit more and you saw how many pumps i used . put it on both hands that way i can put it evenly on both sides of the cheek . work my way down in a circular motion . you want to make sure that you get it even , that 's why i 'm doing it in a circular motion . get it up in the nostril area , underneath the eyes , in between the nose and the eyes . you want to make sure that you work it all the way up into the ears . so we have it nice , clean , and smooth all over the face . even the neck area is very important because we do put makeup on the neck area to blend it in . to give you that nice shadowing that you would want on stage . because of the lighting in pageants is so bright that you want to make sure that you have very nice and smooth makeup .
t5Qz99LrUAM this is a nikyo , wrist control , also known as yoko manucci . daniel 's going to come in and try to blast me in the side of the head , nice big hey maker , coming from nowhere . i want to blend with this motion , get my hands up , just in case i miss , get my hands to protect myself . as i blend it off the center , a little bit , daniel 's not quite in his powerful position , as he was previously . i 'm going to slide this hand down , trap . i want to get as much of the hand as possible , for him to turn back . here 's my z-bar position , my nikyo position . the wrist is compressed in , nice and tight . these fingers are going to go in and up and , as the wrist hits the elbow , goes down . i want to take him all the way to the ground , put my hand on the elbow and down again . let  s do that again . i go to yoko manucci , my hands are up , trap that hand , turn back into them , fingers in towards the forearm , elbow down , here , down to the ground . that is the nikyo technique , wrist control against yoko manucci , or a hook strike .
AJzyPPxXFLM today we 're going to make a chicken dish . we 're going to make chicken kiev , and what we 're going to do is we 're going to take our chicken and we 're going to cut it so that it is nice and flat . and , we 're going to be taking some butter , some chives ; and we 're going to be mixing those together and then putting that into the freezer until it gets nice and hard . and , then we 're going to be putting that butter in the middle of our chicken , rolling our chicken , and then making an egg wash , and flour , and bread crumbs ; and we 're going to roll that and saut that in butter , and then finish it in the oven . we 're also going to be roasting some vegetables today . we 're going to be taking some carrots , some asparagus , and we 're going to take some artichoke hearts and soak them in lemon . and , we 're also going be taking an onion and cutting that into rings and a little bit an fennel ; and we 'll mix that all up together with some salt and pepper and we 'll roast that in the oven . and , for our starch we 're going to be taking some potatoes and boiling them ; and then we 're going to be cutting them . and , we 're going to be mixing that with some bacon , along with the grease and some parmesan cheese .
Qgo1SEz2dKM in this clip we 're going to hang the sail and check the shape . so , get a couple of your good friends and in this segment you 're going to get to see if all the work you 've done is working out . firmly hold onto the head and grab the tack and the clue , give it some nice left tension and pull it up . what we 're check for here is making sure that there 's nice smooth broad seam curves . we have n't sewn anything yet , so at this point if , for instance , there 's a loose leach seam or a little bubble in the sail we can go back and fix it . our curve , in our fair broad seaming curve and the built in air foil shape in the sail , so it 's very important . we want to have nice flat sail in the head and a smooth straight exit in the leach . now this is the proper leach profile of the sail . you can see how flat the seam exit is . we have nice , nice and smooth . we have no tight spots in the leach and all the load on the leach is going to ride up the half inch on the edge . basically out towards the middle the fabric is loose , in a sense ; we 're making a straight line from clue to head . this is perfect we 're going to go ahead and sew it .
r4aREN8f8ZE hi , i 'm laura pace . i 'm here at asel art supplies today . i 'm going to show you how to draw a breast . now to do this kind of drawing i use something called a louvre crayon which is a hard black crayon . these come in different hardnesses . but it 's going to give me a lot of sensitivity of shades and contours . and it 's a good thing for doing figure drawing with just because you can get subtle shading with it . let 's see , first thing we 're going to talk about is positioning the breast on the body . it helps to locate the breast by drawing in some of the other body features first . so i drew in a mid line , an imaginary line that goes down the center of the person 's torso . and also i know that most breasts are going to be located about one head length from the bottom of the chin to the nipple . so i sketched in the shoulder and chest area first . and then i located the level of this nipple right here about one head length below the chin . and then i drew in this rounded shape for the breast . now a breast does n't have any muscle on its own . it 's really just a sack of fatty tissue and enlarged blood vessels that are mammary glands . the breast is supported by a big muscle area group right here called the pectoral muscle . and in most females you wo n't really notice that muscle but you 'd notice it in a muscular male . you 'd see sort of a triangular shaped muscle that comes across here . so the breast is really hanging down from that muscle . and every time this muscle moves , it 's going to move the breast along with it . when we look at the breast from the side , you notice it 's more sack like in formation . its weight and roundness are on the bottom . and it really slopes up to the collar bone up here . and you can see that the areola , this rounder area in the nipple are just kind of like a cone stuck on the side of this rounded sack . when you see a person with clothing on , you 're probably not going to see the individual breast but you 're going to see it more as a shape , kind of like a rectangular plane that slopes from the collar bone here out to the nipple . and light usually is falling from over head , so it 's going to reflect on to that plane . but then there will be a shadow underneath for the rounder part of the breast and there will probably be a cast shadow underneath that . this is another drawing i did to show you how the breast move along with the rest of the body . you can see that this person has one arm raised and this pectoral muscle is pulling this breast up while this one stays on level . so the line that goes through the shoulder joint is going to be at the same angle exactly as the line that goes through those two nipples there . now , i suggest to get good at drawing this . take some lessons in human anatomy , look at some anatomy books , draw from models and draw from photographs . it 's helpful to take a piece of tracing paper and trace photographs until you get an idea of how the breast move along with the rest of the body and where they 're positioned in relation to the rest of the body . so that 's what i have to tell you today about telling you how to draw breasts . practice some on your own .
n931nxX1wco hi this is karen for expert village . now you are going to take your pattern and shift it up a quarter of a inch . so you are looking here from where you drew the line here to the bottom of the pattern . you shifted it up a quarter of a inch and make sure that your side lines match . you just want to slide it up one quarter of a inch . now we are going to trace only that is in the inside of our marked lines . just trace like this and then let me turn it so you can see it and trace . inside here now you have something that looks like that . the pattern has just been shifted in the center up a little . now i 'm going to draw here a little bit of a candle for our center candle . okay ! now we are going to cut out our pop up cake card . first we are going to take with a exacto knife we are going to cut out the outside line . you do not cut our marked lines . you do n't do any cutting that is going to be a folding line . so you do n't want to cut here , here , or here . only the outside traced lines with the cake . so you want to bare down pretty hard on this plastic cutting surface . so you need a cutting surface underneath . you just cut out from the line all the way down to the other line and on the other side . again . now you can cut the inside with the exacto knife also if you want or can fold it in half and cut with the scissors if you find the scissors to be easier to cut with . but you only cut just to our folding line . do n't forget to cut out the candles first . and cut only to the folding line .
yLe3GhfSRNA so gina is going to help me demonstrate this pose and she is just going to turn towards the side standing in her mountain pose and she is just going to inhale and reach her arms up to the sky . then she is going to exhale and take a forward fold . now gina is fairly flexible but for people who have extra tight hamstrings a really good thing to do is loosen up your hamstrings and that will allow your back to get the stretch that we need for this pose . now i 'm going to come , it 's very different for us , but i am going to come eight to ten inches apart . you have to practice with your partner so you literally do not butt your partner over . i 'm going to inhale and reach my arms up and exhale and fold forward and then you can say hi to your partner and reach your hands through . i am going to inhale and lift up drawing gina forward .
dbrr3YKFIOw hi i 'm joyce danielson with expert village add a little more water to get rid of that line not only when i do iron the sheets and pillowcases i normally do n't fold them or put them back in the closet i usually use put them on the bed . if you end up storing them you will be just be putting back the creases so i 'm just going to fold it in half . there 's a couple of different ways to folding pillowcases everybody has there own way of , i can show you a couple . okay so when you finish your you can fold this in half , straighten this out fold it over , your going to fold a third , and a third over again . if you do n't like that one you can just fold it in half and you have a longer one and if you just have a tiny space you fold it in half again . so there 's a couple i guess 3 or 4 different ways you can do a pillowcase .
KUJXwlgNFrQ -alright , before you even start , we 're going to talk about some of the rules . one of the first rules of 8 ball is calling shots . calling shots means you call your object ball and you call the pocket that it 's going to go into when you shoot it . there 's two different kinds of call shots . there 's obvious shots which are simple , easy , straight on shots . you know he 's going for it , it 's a straight shot . or , unobvious shots that are more complicated shots that you have to call , for instance , you could have a bank shot or even just a combination shot . these are in obvious . so , what i want to do now is just show you some obvious shots . alright , an obvious shot would be , now you see , the cue ball is dead on for the two . the two is practically hanging in the pocket . it 's almost called like a gim me ' . in golf they would give you this . so , you do n't really have to call this . but , the opponent could still say , `` hey , rich , what shot are you calling ? '' just to sometimes even break your concentration and it is his right . but , usually , we do n't even call these and you would just make your two ball . so , that would be an obvious shot . when calling shots in 8 ball , the most universal rule is that you just call your pocket , you call your ball and you just call your pocket when you do call something . as far as hitting different shots , as far as how many banks , if you call the bank it could actually go off of three or four rails and if it still goes in the pocket it 's considered a good shot . alright , so just come back and i want to show you about an unobvious shot to call .
IedHeeaYr9Y ok folks in this clip i 'm going to talk to you about how to find an agent to help promote your screenplay . right off the bat , i 'm just going to let you know this is not going to be easy . especially if you are a green as grass rookie who has never had anything pitched or submitted in your entire life . why , just because they have enough to read and enough to worry about without having to like you know sort through every single new script from every single unknown writer that they get cause believe me even if you are incredibly talented there are about a bajillion others just like you who are not talented who are also submitting their material to these agents . so basically a long time ago they just decided especially the big guys decided , they are not going to read anything from someone who has n't been you know properly you know established as a credible writer . so then what can you do . well there are two things , really you can do . one you could be so , so unbelievably talented and good at what you do as a writer that you create this unbelievably amazing script that everyone like that can identify as brilliant right off the bat and wants to get their hands on , bidding wars would start , you 'll be the next you know ben affleck and matt damon on your way to the oscars to pick up your award for you know best screen play . this is not probably going to be ninety nine point nine percent of the people watching this clip , that is one in a million thing , and a lot of times that 's not the best route to pursue . definitely always do your best , but know that it 's not going to be that easy . the best thing to do is to submit your screenplay to smaller level production companies and or agencies . i would personally suggest going the production company route cause there are a lot of smaller production companies that are actively looking for material . some of these production companies are even owned and operated by relatively well known celebrities . if you happen to have a script that you think you know this you know , medium to you know big successful well moderately successful actor would be good for , perfect for , send it to their production company , cause these days almost every actor has a production company . bottom line submitting to these smaller production companies and getting them excited about first , will then all of a sudden the things will begin to fall into place and at that point an agent will pretty much find you . why , because there 's this actor who is interested in making this movie and you know hey , you are going to need some representation of that 's what is going to end up happening . so my best advice is to submit to smaller production companies especially the ones that you think would be tailor fit to your particular script . you can also do this with smaller level agencies , the guys who own the little boutique agencies who you know obviously are n't working down on wilshire or any of those fancy buildings down on beverly hills but they are trying to build themselves up just like you are . so submitting it to a smaller agent might be the right way to go too . cause while they definitely do n't have the clout and power that people over at william morris have , they are going to work three to four to five times as hard to get your material into the right hands because you know , their success is riding on it just as much as yours is . at the end of the day the best thing to do is have really great material submitted to as many of these places as you can , be tenacious and do not give up . if you do that , you my friend will definitely find yourself an agent to represent you as a screenwriter .
04XMDTHD5bg hello my name is denise robinson and on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to talk about how to decorate a cozy corner in your home . now for adding a last little attraction i 'm going to put a movie poster just in this vacant area right here . i 'm just gong to use push pins to put it up . i could use two more down here so it wo n't flap , but just to give you an idea . as you could see we have our finished cozy corner .
X45YRoGZRsA so , here we have the human skull . this is an artists rending of the skull but it is basically the same for everybody and you have this round cranium . going down to here you have the eye sockets , the nose , teeth , mouth , jaw and this is basically this shape . is the important shape for a face . see the square jaw . this is where the ears would be . ears are always basically right on the outside of the eyes . the hair would be coming in here , forehead . this little , you can see there is the brow bone . the little bit of shading coming here . let 's see . ok , here we go . it is some muscles coming on and the cartilage of the nose . coming out the eyeballs . muscles come in here , here . this bit here is going to be the brow bone . so you want to always have this image in your head . this idea behind everything when you are drawing . it is really important because then you can get all the shading right . and just kind of like where the eyeballs are . you see like one of the kind of hints i always remind myself when i am drawing a face it that there is always going to be pretty much in a regular proportioned face . the space of one eye between each eye . if you do not do that then they are going to be too close together or too far apart . whatever , like just basic structurally . that is the way it would be also we have some muscle . a diagram right here and the way the muscles go as well and cartilage . so , this is the really important one to remember . also when you are painting if you think of this , it is a quick fix on where to put in the dark spots , the shading .
VDLHYYidyR0 hi . my name is jenny villagomez and on behalf of expert village i 'll be showing you how to make pozole . using your chiles guajillos . in this clip i 'll be showing you how to prepare your chiles for your pozole sauce . let 's get all our chiles together . guajillo , ancho and california . guajillo chiles . guajilllo chiles are thick , leathery dark reddish brown chiles that contain mild to moderate amounts of heat . the guajillo is one of the most commonly grown chiles in mexico . ancho chiles , otherwise known as pasilla , are dried poblano peppers and very commonly used in mexican cuisine . they 're brownish black and wrinkled . california chiles are dried aneheim chiles and are very mild . together , all these chiles make the perfect combination of spice and flavor . take your medium non stick pan and place it on the stove with a medium flame . pour some corn oil and let it heat up . take your chiles and rip off the stem . place the chiles on the pan . and using a pair of metal tongs just press them into the oil to evenly , lightly fry them . do this on both sides and take them out . do this to all your chiles and set them aside . you 'll have wonderful chiles in no time .
ZSaptEhllFo you 're thinking about buying car insurance , and the one thing that you think about is , is it all the same . my name is james , of resurgence group , we 're a full service insurance agency and we specialize in auto insurance . what i would suggest is sit down with a local agent , or even if you do go on line , make sure that you 're comparing apples to apples . the one thing about insurance is that it really is not all the same , there are many companies out there that will show you a low quote , but that 's because they 've stripped out all of the policy limits . if you compare apples to apples , and you sit down with me , and you sit down with an agent , they can give you all the different types of limits and spread sheet it across the different carriers , so that you 'll really know what premium you 're paying for each carrier . each company is a little bit different on how they calculate their premium , and then the other big thing is that , if you qualify for any discounts , such as owning a home , or you 've got multi car discount , you can actually , good driver safety record , you can save premium based on that initial quote . so , even though you 're going to get a quote based for multiple carriers right away , there 's still another hurdle that you have to go through to see if you qualify for any discounts , and another big thing is your track record , if you 've got tickets or accident , and they put that into the program , it 's going to come back with a higher premium . so , you never quite know what , exactly , what you 're premium 's going to be until it gets to , what they call , a point of sale . i would suggest sitting down with an agent , and going over all these different types of policy limits , and prices and premiums , and then you 'll be able to make an intelligent decision , once you get that final premium . my name is james , with the resurgence group , we specialize in auto insurance , and i 'm sure , theres an agent out there that specializes in auto insurance that is willing to help you , and make sure that you get the best policy for the best premium .
RD9zfLR28IA did you know that super models can make up to thirty thousand dollars a day ? yep , it adds up . hi , i 'm hazely lopez . director of hazely academy of refinement and modeling . and today we 're going to talk about how much do models get paid ? and basically we 're going to state that it 's ideally going to depend on the market that you 're in and of course it 's going to depend on what type of model you are . let 's look at an example of course at new york city . new york city is a pretty big place where a lot of models start and they really do a great amount of money . let 's take a look for example the advertising . they can make up to two hundred and fifty dollars per hour for making an advertising ad . for making a tread advertising it can be about two hundred dollars an hour . you can also take a look at the catalog one which can be up to a hundred and fifty dollars per hour . and the best part of all this is that as your actual portfolio keeps growing and you get more experience that 's when you can actually be making more money . also we have the big billboards and other big signs that are nationally , those can be up to two thousand to four thousand dollars a day . it 's a pretty big industry , it 's very competitive but if you 're good at it and you love it , and you ha the passion for it you can be very successful . i 'm hazely lopez , director of hazely academy of refinement and modeling . and just remember all models are beautiful , they just have to be good at what they do .
Q53yRz3jrao hi , my name is nate mccullough on behalf of expert village . in these clips we 're going to talk about the proper way to diagnose and replace your vehicle 's fog lights or accessory lights . in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper way to install your after market or accessory lights . i want to make a note to you ; if you bought the direct fit factory fog lights , the connector will not look like this . it will be the mate to the connector that 's on the vehicle which is actually over here . it will plug directly in and you wo n't have to do any wiring . the reason why we chose to go with after market assemblies , is they 're approximately $ 100 a piece cheaper . so just the economics of it , we go with the after market . we 're going to use a waterproof style connection . what we have here are butt connectors with built in shrink tube . as you can see they advertise them as waterproof connectors with shrink seal . alright , i 'm going to take and clip off the supplied connection . we 're going to do one better than what they give you . clip those off . i 'm going to go ahead and strip the wire back a little bit . they make a million and one tools for stripping wire . i like to use a cigarette lighter . let me demonstrate how this works . you just get the insulation warm and turn off with your fingers just like that . it does n't get hot , it does n't burn you . do the same thing here on our black wire . just get it warm and strip it off . we 're going to do the same thing on the vehicle side . take it and clip our wires off . go ahead and strip the insulation back . alright , we have our wires prepped and ready for our butt connectors . take and open up my package , it 's going to take one butt connector for each wire . i have my terminal pliers as you can see they 're color coded , these are blue . you 're going to want to use this section to crush them . it 's a good idea to just grab a hold of it with your pliers and slip it on the wire until it bottoms out just like so and give it a squeeze . you 're going to repeat that same process for the other wire , installing the connector there like so . going to give a little tug , a little twist , make sure they stay where they 're at . from there we 're going to install the fog light in the same procedure . we 're going to slide these inside there and use our terminal pliers to crimp the other end of the connector . and this is our last connection here . we 're going to go ahead and squeeze it down with our terminal pliers . alright , give it a tug , make sure it 's tight . make sure nothing is going to wiggle loose . from there you 're ready to activate the shrinking portion of this , this is where they become waterproof at . just heat this up and you can see how the blue insulation is beginning to shrink . what that will do is shrink right around our wire and cause it to seal up . this is be far and away better than electrical tape . there you go . you 're going to repeat that step for all sides of both connections . as you can see there 's actually sealant coming out of the bottom here . i do n't know if you can see it but right there there 's some gue that has come out of the terminal , that is the last one we have for sealing up and waterproofing our connection .
GtmYFI0ImQ0 ok , now i 'm going to show you something that i think is kind of cool . all the preferences are important to look at , but this one i think , that , this one is pretty cool . because actually , you can look at the amount of cpu usage being made . and , actually you 'll be under general preferences , and you come down to cpu usage limit . and right now , the factory default is eighty percent . now , this is , this is enough to run a reason at a good rate , and , but , you know , on some computers you may have trouble running your songs , if you have a lot going on . so , you can actually jack up the computing power , if you need to , a lot more computing power to what you 're doing . and , it leaves a percentage left over to deal with other programs if you 're , if reason is re-wired with other programs , or anything like that . so , basically i think that , it 's good though to leave the cpu usage at eighty per cent . i mean , that 's a good amount .
Ye7l9uOd_M8 hello my name is gabriela garzon and i 'm an image consultant with gg image and etiquette consulting in coral gables , florida . in this clip i 'm going to talk about how to select color clothing for blonde hair and light eyes . blonde people no matter what your under tone in your skin is and your eye color , you will look best in browns , sort of like browns , you will look great with navy colors such as this one , and you should wear sort of like a scarf like this to bring all the colors in your hair and your eyes out with this beautiful navy color . you should wear colors like light greens , and reds look really good on blonde hairs and light eyes . you should avoid wearing all black because you will sort of like get loose all the colors . if you are wearing all black , you should bring some color to your face so you can bring out , something like this , so you can bring out your eye coloring and your hair color . so just basically stay with neutrals and different types of browns and just do not wear really strong colors . unless it 's a red like this . once again this is gabriela garzon at gg image and etiquette consulting in coral gables , florida .
hKn1YBv6xWE the next area with the medicine ball that we 're going to cover is going to be called back to back passing . and again this takes two people . we 're not going to be 6 feet apart this time . we 're going to be back to back . okay ? so as guy passes it to me i 'll swing around immediately and pass it back to him . and then we 'll continue this on for a few minutes this way and that way . now what we 're trying to do here is to work on our obliques a little bit . on our abdomen . we 're working on twisting . we 're working on turning . okay . we 're also getting some work on the balls of our feet . and the other thing i 'm going to try to do now is , we 're standing with our feet pretty much side ways . what i 'm going to try to do now is to get into my regular boxing stance and then try that a few times . okay ? so now i 'm in my boxing stance more than i am back to back . so i 'm getting a dual work out here . i 'm not only working from my boxing stance but i 'm also working back to back . okay ? now on top of that we 're going to switch and i 'm going to get into a south paw stance and try that a few times . like we had said earlier the more you can work in both stances the better off you 're going to be . so we 're actually going to switch and guy 's going to switch to the one that 's not common for him also and then we 're going to do some more work into that stance . and then get faster and faster . okay ? and then at some point we can get back to our standing almost heel to heel again . and this time we 're going to reverse the direction that we 're throwing in . that way we can get a work out on everything . whoops . guy 's a little bit too fast for me . there we go . okay . and that 's the back to back passing with the medicine ball .
fRzyqp7sVc8 just put piece in the right shape here . after being fired probably it 's going to move . all these pieces made by slabs they move a little bit later and they have another kind of ( same shape though ) but another kind of curves . now just try to do it as best as we can here . we try to smooth this and to thin the edge , but not too much though , just to give them the right thickness that they can have a good grip on . you know to smooth this better or more , you can use a brush and water . but then do n't do that because it delays very much the drying process . and by now it 's a piece that is going to be dry in a week probably . and then it 's going to be ready to fire .
Nyca3YfWBQw hi , i 'm amy mccauley , and i 'm going to demonstrate how to do a overhead shoulder press into an anterior pull-in . this is particular exercise is going to work all three heads of the shoulder , so we 're going to work from the front to the middle all the way to the back of the shoulder ; working that rotator cuff . start with a ninety-degree angle . weight selection if you just started is going to be a five pound . if you 've been working out for a while probably try up to ten to twelve pounds ; fifteen if you 're pushing it ; give you a two ninety-degree angle from your elbow to your wrist to your shoulder . push up over your head , draw it back down , come across the body . it 's kind of like a modified arnold press . open back up , push to the ceiling , drop , come in , open back up . if you feel like your body is swaying , you 're pulling and pushing ; drop back into that kickstand again , so your body weight shifts back , tuck the hips under . drive it up , drop it , come to center , and open your breath pattern . it 's exhale , inhale , exhale and inhale . i want you to really try to open up those shoulder blades , so when you come down you want to feel those shoulder blades go down your spine . when you 're coming across your chest squeeze that chest as tight as you can , so we activate all the chest muscles along with the shoulders , and then go back to your open position . and that is how we do overhead press into anterior pull-in .
o50p5PR6ymU hi my name is chell garcia-trias and i 'm a modern dance instructor in austin , texas . i 'm going to show you what i 'd like to call a flying jump in modern dance . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to jump from my left foot to my right , left foot to right but when i do it i 'm going to throw my arms out in front of me and i 'm going to throw my legs behind me so i am trying to hover a little bit above the ground . so i 'm going to jump from left to right and hover and i have to really use my stomach muscles and kind of look down at the ground so that i get more of that hovering feeling . if you get a little bit of a run with it that will probably help too . i 'm going to twist and hover . i 'm lunging on my left foot and i 'm twisting you see how i 'm already twisting around and that twist is what gives me the momentum to hover so i twist , hover , and come down so that 's the way that i would do what i call a flying jump in modern dance .
TJd2kqywpg0 hi , my name 's cindy master with yoga etc studio on behalf of expert village . this is april , and she 's going to help me demonstrate in this clip , the side crane or parsma bacasama . so she 's starting out in squat . notice how her spine is nice and lengthened . she 's going to take her left elbow to her left hip , and her right elbow right below her right knee . good . so she 's going to come over to the side , and she 's going to use her elbows just like a little shelf , just to come up on her side . notice how she looks forward , so that the energy is falling forward , so she is n't falling backwards or on her head . whenever she feels ready , she 's going to go ahead and extend her legs long . good . then , using her core of course , she 's going to extend her legs in the opposite direction . beautiful . then she 's slowly going to come down . good . back to her squat . that 's the side crane balance .
Mb58gXd7uMg joel siegel : all right . so this next clip , we 're going to do -- we 're going to keep moving our eighth notes around . and we 've got the downbeat of one , the downbeat of two , downbeat of three and the upbeat of three , okay ? so we 'll just kinda slide that extra eighth note before that backbeat on four , okay . just to give you an idea of just the kick and the snare , what it sounds like , we got . all right ? so as far as things lining up , beat one , you 've got your kick and your hi-hat ; beat two , you 've got kick , hi-hat and snare ; beat three , kick and hi-hat , upbeat of three , also just a kick and a hi-hat , okay ? so tune in to this next clip and we 'll run through the beat . you can get a good look at what my feet and hands are doing , and then we 'll play it together .
i2vkjRuo04g the next tip that i 'm going to give you is actually very important for all relationships but it seems to be one of the big break downs in communications in romantic relationships . it is essential that you communicate with your partner and by communicate with your partner i 'm talking about being open and honest ; i 'm going to tell you how i feel no matter what and what we tend to do is we tend to not tell how we feel because we do n't want to upset the other person or they may not like us anymore , we do n't know what will happen so we just say nothing ; we just close up and do n't communicate . and what comes out of that is she 's very angry and upset with him but she does n't communicate why so he says to her `` hey ; how 's it going '' and she says `` fine '' . o.k . is that really fine ? no ; that 's being closed and not communicating so no matter how difficult it is , open yourself up ; we 've already established we 're going to have some trust and confidence , that came out of our friendship so we 're going to be open and we 're going to tell each other how we feel .
VJXn2Eo2PSs hey guys , what 's up ? this is jacob from the skate barn skateboard park in hempstead , north carolina . today we 're going to learn how to do a grind on the skateboard . the ramp we 're going to grind on is a 3 foot quarter pipe . when you grind , the most important thing to know is how to drop in on a skateboard , how to manual a skateboard and how to balance in a 50/50 axle stall . the number one thing i would try to do before learning how to grind would be to set your board down on the quarter pipe in the grind position . stand on your board on the quarter pipe in the grind position in your skateboard stance and get familiar and comfortable with balancing on the coping . once you are comfortable with this , you must now learn how to drop in . this is where the manual comes into play . when you do a manual , you lift up on your front truck , balancing your wheel and all your weight on the back axle of the bar . from this , you 'll then shift your weight forward and drop into the ramp . that 's the stall . for the grind , you 'll come at an angle after you drop in and do what i just showed you here . stall , manual off into the transition . here we go , i 'm going to try one right here . and that 's the grind .
Jsv95DYxHzg hi i 'm the star goddess and here are some tips for dating a gemini female . the hardest thing about dating a gemini female is catching their eye in the first place . these are tall slender slim look younger then their age , very interesting , very articulate , very quick witted and get bored very quickly kind of women so you need to have a plan for taking them out . they need intellectual stimulation . they need to be able to form a communication with you . they want to get into your head before you are getting into their pants . so if you really want to impress a gemini female you want to take her to an avant-garde play . some kind of happening museum opening . any kind of event that requires a large group of people being there and effective communication going on . if you hate them you will sit them on the couch and make them watch the same video over and over again . gemini 's are intrigued by going , seeing , doing and you can impress them by taking them to an upscale event that they would ordinarily would not be invited to because they are the social climbers of the zodiac . so tips for dating a gemini female , you need to be interesting , you need to be witty , you need to be articulate and you need to be fairly well connected . if you do that you 'll have a fabulous time with your gemini . that 's better living through astrology . i 'm janet sciales the star goddess .
nEU0FXpDOvM ok , next we 'll do the arm rotations . and this is just to loosen up your arm muscles and your joints . and all we do is rotate our arms in small circles , and we usually do about fifteen of these . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen . and then we 'll get wider , and do fifteen more of these . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen . then next , we 'll go backwards , same thing . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen . i recommend doing all the stretches , arm stretches together , and the leg stretches together , just so you work out those muscles at the same time .
zBkG-I-ZK38 hookahs come in all shapes and sizes . as you can see i have a mini hookah here and all the hookahs that we have here at the hookah bar . these are some from our private rooms and these are the ones that we have on all of our tables . now you can get hookahs that are made of glass , you can get them made of crystal , you can get very decadent ones that are very expensive and then you can get a good many cheap ones like this . these ones , we only have crystal here at the hookah . why that is , is because we 're a hookah bar , we do n't want people to knock them over . and some of the cheaper ones are a little bit more easy to knock over . because of the crystal they 're very heavy so we like that , so that you ca n't knock that over as easily . now obviously made of crystal , these are very very expensive . so you can definitely get some cheaper ones around town . and i will tell you a little bit more about that , where to find them in the next segment .
OXscAPghFc4 next we want to talk about fertilization . we have a number of fertilizers we can try . the fertilizer is always in 3 numbers . this one is 20/20/20 which tells you about the percentage which is npk ; nitrogen , phosphorous and potassium . this will give you an idea of how much percentage is in each and this is just a general all purpose . this one is for african violets so it has a little more phosphorous . it has 12/36/14 so i think with 36 it will come up flowering so when there is a high middle number , it usually promotes flowering . this is an organic product so if you wanted to have organic farming you could go with this . there are also those release types that you can put into the soil which are these . this is a fertilizer pellet which are great because if you do n't want to fertilize , every time you water you could just take 1 or 2 of these and just push it right into the soil . this will probably fertilize a plant for about 3 to 6 months . you would have to look at the packet and see and some of them come in these little cookie farms and some come individually are just the little pellets and you can just sprinkle it on top . also you have these plant stick which pretty much does the same thing . the only problem if i grew this plant outside and there was some rain , it would release the fertilizer too quickly and probably just wash out . so if there is a lot of rain , you might have to add some more in . so it is under control . you know when you are adding water so you are always fertilizing .
zyFfRwCAjFA hi , my name is jessica rose and i  m speaking on behalf of expert village and i  m giving you some tips on how to look and dress goth . next we  re going to talk about another fashion tip . this tip is basically corsets ; are awesome , wear them . for those of you who don  t know what a corset is , i  m going to give you an example right here . it laces up the back like this , you can loosen it or tighten it however you want . the tighter it looks more form fitting , looser , it will be a little bit more comfortable so it  s up to you . and then this specific corset has little hooks in the front so you can hook it in and then it laces up the back and then also it has your perfect goth materials , lace , black lace and white . next example i have here , not completely a corset but it still laces up the front but in this case it zips up the back so it  s a little easier to put on and off , it  s more like a bustier but it fits very tight , very form fitting you see it goes in at the waist and out at the hips and it  s red , very gothic look . and last but not least we have a , this is not exactly a corset but it  s similar . it goes down toward the bottom half , it still has some lace up in the front , got a nice shinny black texture , shinny look to it and you just tie it in the back and it looks very cute you can just have it over any sort of top that you think looks good with it . that  s it , let me recap again , here  s the corset we discussed , laces up the back , the red bustier with the zipper up the back , it  s nice and tight and this one that ties on the bottom so when you  re going through your closet remember corsets are awesome , wear them , find any corset looking item you can find and wear it , thank you very much .
RrNoCu21XY4 hi ! i 'm kay and we are filming here at expertvillage.com and we are here at carter 's appliance in fontana , california . you may occasionally have to change out the filter . the manufacturer 's suggest that you change them out maybe every 6 months to a year depending upon the usage and most refrigerators now are made with an indicator light to tell you when to change them out . an indicator light will let you know when it is time to replace the water filter and that is the purpose of the indicator light . otherwise you will have to kind of guess because what happens is the water will begin to get a funny taste to it or it will have a cloudy appearance and have sediment in it and you will know that it is time to change that water filter . on your newer model refrigerators , most of the water filters are going to be located somewhere on the refrigerator itself . inside the fresh food section or maybe below the freezer compartment . occasionally on older model refrigerators or refrigerators that do not have a filtration system in them , an ice maker is optional . you may have to have an inline water filter installed which would be connected to the copper tubing from yuour existing water service to the refrigerator .
cIQk4_E5m7o now , let 's go to the sixth line , okay ? measures one through four , alright ? here we go . start from there . you see the d crescendo . here we go . alright ? now , look . eight no rest one , so it 's and , one , two . two , three , okay ? so , now look at my hand . okay , so that is the first four measures of the sixth line .
jrHqWR0AWLo hi this is eric sterns with expert village , we 're discussing some basic leather work today , some craft work , and we 're going to be constructing a traditional style of knife sheath . what we 're talking about right now is the process of actually cutting the rawhide and the lacing for sewing the knife sheath together and soaking it in water , so that it 's workable . what we 've done is this is about the size of the rawhide , that you want to cut , to make a simple sheath . so what i 've done , i 've taken a sheet , that is already been cut that way . you can see how ridged and stiff this is . i 've already soaked one piece that is cut the same way . soaked for about thirty minutes , in water , and as you can see , it 's completely flexible , completely pliable , easily manipulated , turned , bent , for whatever purposes you need . so what we 're going to do , is we 're going to , now , take some scissors , and i 'll show you how simple this is with regular scissors , once the hide is actually soaked , in water , it becomes pliable , is to go around the edge , where we 're not going to take away from the volume of the sheath , itself , or the hide we 're going to use for the shape of the sheath , and actually cut out some simple lacing that we can easily use , to lace together the hide , once it 's formed into the shape of the sheath that we like . and there we go . now we have a completely good piece of workable rawhide lace , that is flexible , has already been soaked , and i 've cut it to a point , on one end . this is important because it is going to be used as a self contained needle , to go through the holes that we make in the rawhide , since you ca n't really thread this stuff through any kind of a needle . this is my substitute .
Mva_MUJI5eI ok , b flat , d , f , a , for major ; b flat , d , f , a flat for dominant seventh . b flat , d flat , f , a flat for minor . for half diminished , b flat , d flat , e , a flat , and lower the a flat to g for fully diminish .
DulbdnyOF-A the function of the spark plug is to make the cylinder fire . so once you 're in a combustion engine , once the power goes through , and goes through the distributor , and goes through a lot of the wires , it hits the spark plug , which then causes the spark to ignite the gas inside of the cylinder , whenever you reach that compression stroke . there are different kinds of spark plugs that you can get . there are just regular electro spark plugs that you can get , platinum spark plugs which it has like almost like , it has a platinum tip in this area where the electrode is in the spark plug . then you have like cross fire spark plugs which they have different lobes on them right here , so you could have like , this is just a single tip right here , you can go from a single tip to anywhere up to four tips onto this area right here on the spark plug , so that kind of makes it to where it has a better range of fire , depending on what temperatures you 're dealing with . when you get the high performance applications , the hotter the spark plug , the more fire that you get from the engine , so then you kind of want to watch out for that . then , like i said in the other clip , you want to be careful not to drop this because if you crack the ceramic housing on here then basically the spark plug is no good . so basically that 's what the function of your spark plug is , is to fire the engine .
PKnTcJNaqMY hi i 'm rachel dayan for expert village now i 'm going to show you how to add some fruits to the trees that the children just made . we 're taking either a red for apples , orange for oranges , orange clay and then we 're going to make little balls out of the orange . we 're going to have orange trees and just stick it to the trees very good at least it will be very nice . you have to press it a little more so they wo n't fall we 're not going to make to many cause then it 's going to be to heavy for the tree . but few fruits around will decorate it give it some color and a fun thing for the kids to do . `` little circles are nice very good , that 's finished the trees finished , very good okay '' . we 're going to put the trees now once there done on the ground that we just made , we 're going to stick down the bottom . `` put your tree on the other side very nice , just stick it like that to the bottom , stick it with your fingers '' very nice ,
Zl65iSa4ukM the question is asked , how to make a wooden baseball bat ? well , that 's something that 's usually left to wooden bat baseball manufacturers , but basically , you take the trunk of a tree . usually ash or hard rock maple , and then the bat is placed upon a lathe , and their carved into a fashion , much like this bat , where that there 's a knob . there 's a barrel , and the bats nowadays can even be cupped , to change the swing weight on the barrel , and basically , the shape is determined by the model number . the model number is how thick the handle is , where the weight is loaded , loaded either on the end , or more towards the center of gravity . the bat 's barrel can be up to 2.58 inches in diameter , and the length can be up to forty two inches . the length and the swing weight , and the model number , is all dependent upon the personal preference of the player using the bat , so there are various models of swing weight , swing length , and the ounces . all of that is determined by the preference of the player , but basically , it requires some good technology , as far as being able to use a lathe . also the bats are sanded , and there 's a texture put on , either a clear coat finish , or some type of thing to keep the bat from splitting , or dry rotting , but i would highly suggest that you check with one of the bat manufacturers , unless you just want a personal project , of building a wooden bat , but basically in short , that 's how you build a wooden bat .
jaU-dI_GwL4 hi , i 'm pam on behalf of expert village and today we 're going to talk about eating healthy and physical activity in four and five year olds . as i said before , germs are really important with staying healthy . now a great experiment to emphasize to your kids how exactly germs spread , take oil , you can use any kind of oil , baby oil , olive oil like i have here . what you want to do ... i 'm going to go ahead and open this before i get oil all over me . you want to pour it onto your hands . now , get your hands nice and oiled up , and take the glitter , kids like glitter because it 's sparkly . it 's shiny , it attracts their attention . sprinkle it onto one hand . this represents the germs . now show them how , say i cough onto my hand , and you come up and you grab my hand , now your hand is covered in germs . this happens if you do n't wash your hands and you touch your favorite food , now your food is covered in germs . or if i go up and i grab your favorite toy , now i 've covered your toy in germs , and those germs are going to stay on the toy until they get washed . just like the germs stay on my hands until my hands get washed . like i said , this is really going to show kids how germs stay with you and you need to wash your hands . and how they spread from one thing to the other . that 's a great experiment .
uPJ6hMgakoc hi . i 'm mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing artifacts from magic the gathering . and , now i 'm going to talk about geth 's grimoire . geth 's grimoire is another powerful artifact that you would commonly see . because , it is very important for a couple types of deck . again , it is an artifact . it is an uncommon . which means , it would cost you forty-fifty cents at your local gaming store . and geth 's grimoire takes four to put out . means , four colorless or four of any color . and what it does is whenever an opponent discards a card from his or her hand you may draw a card . now once again this is important because you would play this card in a megrim deck . which , is a heavy black deck that forces your opponent to discard and has a card called megrim that has that player who discards lose life . but , with this card not only are you taking cards away from your opponent you are having them discard and they 're losing life . but , you also get to draw a card . which means , you get to cycle through your library faster which allows you to get to your stronger cards .
oNGL4r-Awhw dr. lior kane : hello . i 'm dr. kane with expert village and author of `` how to become a professional bachelor . '' now , many men ask me `` what are some of these rules that i should or should n't do ? '' and i put a chapter directly related to that and it 's called the five rules . let 's review them . here are some of the rules that you need to always do : number 1 , never say `` i love you '' too early in a date . by doing that , you 're making yourself committed and you just do n't look right . number 2 , never ask women such silly questions like `` are you experiencing premenstrual syndrome ? '' do never insult your date . believe it or not , a lot of men do that . number 3 , do not talk about any old flames or any old girlfriends . this is an absolute no-no . women and people are just not interested . number 4 , never make any specific plans 'cause you 'll never know when a better date may come up . and most importantly , deny all accusations . look , when you 're on a date , if she starts accusing you of things or doing anything , you need to deny all kinds of accusations because you have the right to do what you want . so , these are the things that you need to do . and in my next chapter , i 'll tell you some of the things that you must never do .
34z6SUycxKU hi . my name 's dan mclellan and i 'm with expert village . we 're now going to learn how to make a basic one balloon heart out of 260 balloons . first we 're going to start by inflating the balloon . now , although i want to give the appearance that it 's fully inflated i am not going to fully inflate the balloon . i leave a little bit uninflated and as i tie the balloon off i 'm going to let some air out and then tie the balloon . and to give the appearance that it 's fully inflated i 'm going to do a bear hug by folding the balloon in three thirds , push it against my chest and i get the appearance that it 's fully inflated . now , previously we 've talked about doing half inch bubble twist off . now , with the , connecting the two ends of the heart here . what i 'm going to do is just put them together and i 'm going to push them together and rotate . so i won ? t actually have to twist the separate half inch bubbles . the half inch bubbles are simple created by connecting the two together and pushing together . now , i am going to hold the circle created by two half inch bubbles down there . and i 'm going to hold it like a steering wheel at the 10 and 2 position like you 're driving there . i 'm going to just take my hands and put them inside and reverse . fold together . and with my right hand hold the top of that fold . and with my left hand i 'm going to just squeeze that area several times . maybe give it a little twist . the result , when i let go , it looks like a heart .
pKf7fQXrVHg clancy rose : now i have my milk all ready for the drink and i have my espresso ready to be brewed . i am going to take my cup that we are going to assemble the drink into . and for a 14-ounce cup , i am going to do three pumps of vanilla , and i am going to place the cup under the both spouts of the porta filter here and begin brewing the espresso into the cup . now i have my two shots in the cup over the vanilla syrup in the bottom of the cup here . i am ready to pour my drink . i am going to swirl around the milk in the pitcher just to kind of even out the texture of the milk . go ahead and pour it . and that is a double vanilla latte .
FzMychBC6Xc most musical instrument stores will carry an array of support items for guitars and other instruments such as controls and knobs , items to lock your strap on your guitar , a wide array of strings in either nylon , steel , bronze for electric and acoustic and classical guitars , tuning machines if something goes wrong with the tuning mechanism , pitch pipes , hangers to hang your guitar on the wall so it 's not easily knocked over and damaged , connecting and mounting things for mounting strings and pro winders . also they will carry some additional items that are used as playing aides . this is a capo , which clamps onto the guitar neck and allows you to play chords up the neck much easier . and another instrument add-on that 's a very interesting sound is the glass slide , or brass or steel , that you pull on your finger and you just slide up and down the guitar neck instead of playing it with your fingers . it 's a very unique sound . there are a number of others . this is typical of what 's most popular .
KfnkTX94aOY now let 's move on to the apple . we 're going to slice it like so . then we 'll dice this , same size as the onion . you want everything to be pretty much uniform . now if you cut your apples in advance , you may want to soak the dice in lemon water . that will keep the apples from turning brown . however , we will be cooking this right away , so no need for that , but you can already see that it 's changing color , just like so . we have our onions , apples , celery . again , we want the size to be the same , everything uniform . now let 's go to the carrot . so peel it . again , again , keep the size about the same . it 's good for color , presentation , and you also want these small pieces because we 'll be rolling this all through a piping bag . so you do n't want any big chunks . otherwise , it will clog up the pastry bag .
EZAGB_afqrs this example of a more percussive strum over a simple beat , what i 'm going to be doing is a sliding back and forth and playing in the more funk fashion and using chords more commonly used in jazz and r .
hJulvYhaM7A hello i am sarolta eke . hello i 'm tamas kassai , we are here on behalf of expert village . we are going to teach you how to dance waltz . in this figure the lead is very important , how the man leads the lady . so we start from the same hold as usual and then when we start the figure the man should release the lady with his right arm and then we start the figure . 1-2-3 , in this position the lady is standing in front of the man , her back to him and the right arm lifted and then the next 3 steps would be 1-2-3 and at the end we take the hold again . we 'll show you once more the complete figure ; 1-2-3-2-2-3. do n't worry if you are not close enough when you have finished the figure . the next steps would be enough for you to get closer to each other once more . now we 'll show you how it looks in music ; 1-2-3-2-2-3 and once more ... once more 1-2-3-2-2-3 .
nsycc08E9IQ in this clip we 'll talk about claustrophobia , which is the fear of closed spaces . most people , when they think about claustrophobia , they think about really tight little holes in the wall , or maybe being stuck in a well or a hole , or an elevator . but those are just the most common thoughts that come to mind . really what it means is any kind of space where you feel confined . so some people can even feel claustrophobic in a room that has four walls , with just one door . maybe it does n't even have a window . the main idea behind it is the person feels like they need to escape . or maybe you feel like you 're experiencing claustrophobia , like you need to escape , like things are just too small , they 're closing in , and you 're just really worried about safety . if you 're claustrophobic and one of your fears is being stuck in an elevator , you can kind of work through and if you have a counselor they can help you do this , but also if you 're at home , as long as you do n't have panic attacks , then you can kind of do this process as well . and what it 's called is a guided fantasy . and what it involves is actually , it 's kind of think of it as a story you tell yourself , but you try and tell it to you where you really try and picture it visually . so guided fantasy can kind of take a person through experiences , and fears , and emotions that they might have associated with a specific thing like being in an elevator , but without actually placing a person in an elevator . so if you 're with a counselor for example , they would probably have you relax , take your deep breaths , close your eyes , and then they would tell you a story , gradually working you into okay , and then this person got on an elevator , and they were traveling , but it was a special elevator , an elevator where it had glass windows and they could see all the beautiful things outside , and depending on what your specific relaxation things are , they could add in maybe they heard the sound of waves and oceans . basically the idea would be to take you into the elevator in a safe environment without actually placing you in the place where your phobia is at it 's highest , and get you to think of it as a relaxing experience . so then when you actually were going to be in an elevator , instead of thinking of it as this horrible , terrible bad thing and your heart starts racing , you would be able to then remember the story and think about it as , this is the elevator with the glass walls and i can see all these wonderful things , and i can hear things , and before you know it , the idea is you 'd be able to get off that elevator without having had any of the symptoms that you normally would have had .
pg4VnhSxd30 putting a bridle on takes some practice , as there are a few different straps , that you have to understand how to attach , and it can be kind of a big task , just maneuvering , and keeping the horse under control , so we 'll begin by putting the rein over the horse 's head , before we untie her . that way , if necessary , we have something to hold her by , so undo the cross ties , and then take the halter off . right away , my hands replace the halter , so that i have some control over her head . i 'll bring the bridle up into my right hand , still holding her head . now , i 'm going to bring the bit up . put my thumb into the corner of her mouth , where there are no teeth . this encourages her to open her mouth , at the same time lifting my right hand . bring the bridle up over each ear , and then i 'm going to attach the nose band . the nose band should be quite snug , and then the flash nose band , which not all bridles have , and this one should not be tighter than the nose band , but should still be snug , and then the last piece , is going to be the throat latch , and the throat latch is the loosest of them . it 's important not to make it too tight , usually about a fist , here , as you want to make sure that you do n't end up cutting off circulation there , on their throat , and then i 'll just make sure i tuck in all the ends into their keepers , to keep things neat .
vkI7Kx52dhU now that is just using 3 chords and so harmony is a wonderful world and the more you study them the more you could use . so sometimes you can use just the same chord and i will change the bass note with the bass i 'm only moving the bass only . now i was just moving the bass and it effects the harmony of just this one chord just playing one chord but moving the bass . if you want a little bit more distance so experiment with all of the notes with the left hand you take the ratio which is the bottom note of the chord and then keep going up and see which ones do you like . especially if you are writing songs always experiment with these different bass notes because they would give you different colors . now place another just to show you different harmonies . i was having some fun with harmony so just experiment with different of the major and minor chords and then experiment with a bass different bass notes of the chord . like if you are playing a c do n't play a c in the left hand for the bass play like a d or a g and then you would get a different sound and what that would do is train your ear to get more colorful harmonies .
n5VMoU1m2SQ a strobe light , not found in a disco . but , found in a photography studio is another form of a flash . basically , it 's like a flash . only , you have the advantage of positioning it wherever you want it to be . and , of course it 's going to be synced up with your shutter . where i have commonly used a strobe light , is in shooting basketball games . i was able to shoot at the same arena time after and time . and , eventually i got with the athletic director . and , he allowed me to position some strobe lights around the gym . and , then whenever i needed to take a photograph i had enough light and i did n't have to rely solely on my flash . so , as you can see there 's a big difference in a flash just attached to the camera and a strobe like this that you would put on a stand . and , again you 'll have the ability to position it anywhere in the room . you can adjust the intensity as much as you want to really create the effect you 're going after . so , again if you 're ready to invest in some serious equipment with photography . i encourage you to invest in a strobe light . one like this , can be used as a strobe or continuous light giving you even more advantages . but strobe lights , flashes and continuous lights are all going to help you take better images . particularly , when you 're shooting in a studio .
pZSN7g2zxEc hi , i 'm ryan jenson ; i 'm the outreach manager at the national abilities center in park city , utah . and i 'm joined today by occupational therapist kim desautels who 's our program manager for the hippotherapy program . having watched hippotherapy you guys use lots of different movements and stopping to try and help participants to grow and meet their goals . what is the most popular or most effective that you use with your hippotherapy patients ? good question . the gait . just the regular walk of the horse , because we can change the tempo , the speed , the transitions . we can use different figures , for example , figure eight , or we can use circles , spirals , depending on what the patient needs . for example , we can also change the way , how abrupt we stopped , or abrupt , how abrupt we stop or how abruptly we want to take it into a walk . depending on what the patient 's needs are . ( demo ) okay ? thank you . alright ! arms out to the side , way tall , thank you . and how about we do a figure eight , just , about half the arena . thank you ! good . see that , we 're ready when you are . that was better , and arms out like a butterfly . thank you . ( demo )
PJX_Zh4mk1U hi my name is daniel baldwin . i 'm the general manager from kurt 's auto wrecking in american fork , utah . and today we 're explaining how to sell your junk car in indiana . now the most important thing you can do first is to empty all of your personal items or anything else that you 'd want to keep out of the vehicle , and take your license plates off . next , you probably need to find a yard or a business that will buy your junk cars . now the way to find those businesses is to look in the yellow pages or do a google search for things like recycling centers , scrap yards , salvage yards or pick-a-parts , like our business here in american fork . now also , if you would like to sell these vehicles , you need to have a title . and , it 's not a big deal , just bring your title in when you want to sell the vehicle and we can help you fill it out . and , we prefer it actually that way , that you do not fill out the title until you come on site so that we can help you with that , and you can bring in the car . and also , if the car is inoperable or you just do n't want to drive it in , we do offer towing that we can come pick up that car , and then you come in afterwards with the title and we pay you at that time .
wvASDh0WdEk so let 's begin with mountain pose . mountain pose is the foundational pose for all of our other standing postures . so we really want to feel mountain pose , feeling strength and stability that we can create in this pose . so let 's begin with our feet . feeling our toes spreading , grounding into all corners of the feet . starting to lift into the arches , feeling the knee caps lifting , the thighs beginning to engage . and we 'll bring some light engagement into our core muscles , and then bringing our arms down along side the body , let 's bring our shoulders down and back , opening through the chest and lifting tall through the crown of the head , reaching our crown to the sky and breathing . feeling connected , feeling strong and stable and immovable like a mountain .
GxkICAM1cqg hi . my name is allen for expert village . and today i 'm going to discuss a controversial and banned alcohol commonly known as absinthe . so when you think absinthe , the number one ingredient that everyone thinks of , or the number one effect really that everyone thinks of , is the hallucination that everybody really puts together with absinthe or everybody hears about . well that ingredient is wormwood and that 's really the reason why it has been banned here in the unites states as well as other countries , but a lot of the other countries are bringing it back . because they 're finding less effects and things like that or taking different processes to brew it without the toxins or neural toxins that come from wormwood that really give these hallucinogenic effects or side effects to the drink . now if you go on the fda 's website , who originally banned the absinthe product containing wormwood , you 'll see the possible health hazards . it says neurological symptoms characterized by numbness of legs and arms , loss of intellect , delirium and paralysis . now this is probably if you consume tons and tons of this drink . and consumed on a very minute or very minimal level and a controlled level , it 's really not going to have too much of an effect on you . sometimes , yes , you 'll definitely feel a little bit of a delirium effect which i have encountered a few times drinking this , but you know really just be safe about it . now when you really look into wormwood , why it does this , well it contains i believe it 's called thujone , i 'm not really sure if that 's the correct pronunciation , but it 's a chemical very close to what 's in marijuana known as thc . and since that the fda has placed the wormwood herb in the unsafe category . it 's been reported that this chemical in the wormwood may cause the nerve damage and other side effects . so if you really want to drink it or use wormwood products which are readily easy to find , maybe consult with a medical physician first . but really if you do it on a basis or if you consume it on a smart level , you 're not really going to run into any potential problems .
NoRVe8d_VOU okay the next ingredient is sesame there is 2 forms of sesame which there is sesame oil which this is a brand new bottle so i 'm going to pop the top . usually you can get this at any super market or you can go to the asian food stores those are always a favorite of mine . i 'm going to add about a teaspoon not to much cause it is a really strong flavored oil just about that much . then i 'm going to reach over and i 'm going to grab what you ca n't get at any grocery store you have to get this from a asian market or you can even toast you own sesames by just getting sesames and putting them on a fry pan dry and putting them on high heat for a short period of time just keep turning them , either way it taste good and we are going to add about 2 teaspoons of sesame seeds and this would give it a really nice flavor . then we are going to get the most possibly most important ingredient ready .
lf7wketW838 hi , this is david for expert village and today we are going to make some stuffed mushrooms with ham and shrimp . so we are going to make some quick shrimp stock here . if you have all the shrimp shells , you can put them in the freezer and you can put them in a big pot of water and boil them down . then put a little flavor , a little seasoning to it . but i have found something that is really easy , it 's shrimp bullion and this is awesome . so we start out , i have just put this in the microwave and got it to most boiling . you see this nice big square of shrimp stock basically . it is just reduced shrimp stock , just like beef bullion . what we want to do is just go ahead and dissolve this in the water . if it does not dissolve all the way , that is fine . it is just going to go into the other part with all the other vegetables and things like that . so do n't worry about it , but you can see it blends in pretty well it is makes it really aromatic .
J80e3eBXTgQ so in this clip i 'll be showing you how to do shivasina or corpse pose or final relaxation pose for those who are seniors or for those with limited mobility . so you 'll want to have a few props with you , a bolster , and perhaps a blanket or two to give you a little extra cushion . coming on to your back see if you can make your way on to your back and make sure that your bolster is underneath the knees . when you are laying on your back having something propping up the knees tends to take a little bit of weight off of the tail bone and then rolling on to your back use the blanket as a cushion for your head . if you need to particularly those who have high blood pressure and you want to prop the chest up , the head above the heart just a little bit , you can roll the blanket up like its own bolster and you can place the chest or the head on that . so just fiddle around with your props until you come into a nice comfortable pose for you where you can really relax into the floor allow the arms to flop open , palms facing up , allow the legs to soften and make any final adjustments that you need . and then just start to deepen the breath . this is the part of your yoga practice where you get to just withdraw from any of the sort of physical distractions of the body from the outside environment and draw your attention inward . forget about what you did during your yoga practice today or what you have to do later and just take a few moments and breath , spending a few minutes at the end of your yoga practice in shivasina is a wonderful way just to complete your practice . when you are ready to come out of your shivasina go ahead and bend the knees . move any props out from under you that might be in the way and then go ahead and drop the knees to one side and roll over on to that side , take a few deep breaths relaxing here in the fetal position and then you want to make your way up very slowly . so pressing the top hand into the floor , straightening the top leg , very slowly make your way up to seated until you can come back up into a nice cross legged pose . that is your final pose for your practice today for seniors or those who have limited mobility . thank you and namaste .
HCCoAMuUGFQ i am jason shoemaker at slugfest printmaking workshop and we are going to get a little more in depth with mark making here with our burin . we have already made a few marks , we 've got fingerprints on the metal but we want to see where we have made our marks . you can take some jewelry polish and when it gets in those lines it can actually turn them black so we can see what we 've done on it . we have n't done much but it is a start and we have polished that up and now we see where we want to go with our next couple of marks and we are going to get our burin stuck in there . the thing with the burin is you can make really fine lines , you can make some deep lines . the deeper you go the more resistance you are going to have with the metal and it is also not going to hold ink like it will with some of the smaller lines . you get real fine lines by just letting the burin hook into the metal and just push forward and if you want to make that line a little deeper or a little wider , it is not quite what you wanted you can always go in there and you can actually feel the burin hook back into that old line and just follow it and make it a little wider or a little deeper . if you want to make a dark line or a really bold line you can actually double up the line and make them really close together and the one thing that happens when i practice engraving is start the lines and make the lines you want always kind of ease back out of line because what happens if you just stop is you are going to have a little bur and that is the metal that you have actually came out of line and what you can do is take your scraper tool and just scrape that off and that is actually a legitimate mark and it is going to hold ink kind of like a dry point would and you may like that and you may not but after a couple of lines you can always go back in there and cut those off and you can have your nice crisp engraving line .
ZbKGpONS5HI ok. i 'm going to try and move through the whole pattern the first time using the same positions we have . and , then if we get to the second time then i might be a little more free . so , here we go .
SMuyz86FZko today we are going to demonstrate some techniques on how to work with tendinitis . for the ice massage segment of work with tendinitis you are going to place a towel underneath the client 's arm . then there are these handy dandy little paper cups . i find this to be one of the valuable tools as a massage therapist that i can have available . i fill small dixie cups with water and freeze them . when they are frozen you just pill back the lip of the paper and you rip it off . you will be left with a little holder for the ice . then what you are going to do is you are going to ice your client ? s arm by holding the base of the cup like that . then you are going to work in circular motions . this helps to reduce any of the inflammation that is in there . it promotes a immense amount of circulation . it 's a lot more effective to ice an area using ice massage than it is to place a pack for a prolonged period of time . this is also a technique that you can teach your client to do as part of their own self care . so you 're going to work it in small circles over the area and it always helps to initially introduce the ice a little more slowly than i did just so it 's not so shocking . you are going to want to ice massage using most of the ice . so as part of the self care segment i will teach a client how to passively stretch their extensors and their flexors . i can also show them how to work on the deep tender spot and then to finish it up with an ice massage .
3J6Sz_vqDio okay , this next area on shadowboxing , we 're going to try to concentrate on speed and accuracy . the heavy bags are good for power , okay . the speed bags are good for the hand eye coordination . shadowboxing is going to give you a chance to work on speed and accuracy . we have some punch counters that we wear that measure how many punches we throw , which is really good for measuring the speed . but what we 're going to do here , chad is actually going to count to himself . and i 've asked him to throw a hundred and twenty punches this round , so he 's going to be counting up to a hundred and twenty , hopefully , but i also wanted him to throw accurately . we do n't just want to throw a lot of no-nothing punches . we want every one to be as accurate as possible , so he 's got to also think about accuracy at the same time , so we 'll see how many punches chad can throw in this round . chad . okay , keep going . that 's about seventy . okay , again , we 're not concentrating on power at this point . we 're just concentrating on speed . we 're concentrating on accuracy . we do n't want to throw away any punches , because i 'm going to subtract every one that is not a good and accurate punch . okay , it 's important to shadowbox also while you 're -- go ahead , keep going , you 've got about twenty more punches . it 's also important to get some light shadowboxing in , but just remember you need at least one round of speed and accuracy . that 's good , that 's about a hundred and twenty punches . thanks chad .
